<doc id="190935" url="https://th.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=190935" title="งานประกาศผลรางวัลออสการ์ ครั้งที่ 57">งานประกาศผลรางวัลออสการ์ ครั้งที่ 57 งานประกาศผลรางวัลออสการ์ ครั้งที่ 57 เป็นงานมอบรางวัลสำหรับภาพยนตร์ที่เข้าฉายในปีค.ศ. 1984รางวัล รางวัล. ผู้ที่ได้รับรางวัลแต่ละหมวดหมู่จะแสดงในรูปแบบตัวหนาMajor categories Major categories. Best Picture- Amadeus- The Killing Fields - A Passage to India - Places in the Heart - A Soldier's Story Best Director- ' Milos Forman &ndash; Amadeus"- Woody Allen &ndash; Broadway Danny Rose - Robert Benton &ndash; Places in the Heart - Roland Joffe &ndash; The Killing Fields - David Lean &ndash; A Passage to India Best Actor in a Leading Role- F. Murray Abraham &ndash; Amadeus as Antonio Salieri- Jeff Bridges &ndash; Starman as Starman - Albert Finney &ndash; Under the Volcano as Geoffrey Firmin - Tom Hulce &ndash; Amadeus as Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart - Sam Waterston &ndash; The Killing Fields as Sydney Schanberg Best Actress in a Leading Role- Sally Field &ndash; Places in the Heart as Edna Spalding- Judy Davis &ndash; A Passage to India as Adela Quested - Jessica Lange &ndash; Country as Jewell Ivy - Vanessa Redgrave &ndash; The Bostonians as Olive Chancellor - Sissy Spacek &ndash; The River as Mae Garvey Best Actor in a Supporting Role- Haing S. Ngor &ndash; The Killing Fields as Dith Pran- Adolph Caesar &ndash; A Soldier's Story as Sergeant Waters - John Malkovich &ndash; Places in the Heart as Mr. Will - Noriyuki Pat Morita &ndash; The Karate Kid as Mr. Kesuke Miyagi - Ralph Richardson &ndash; Greystoke - The Legend of Tarzan, Lord of the Apes as The Sixth Earl of Greystoke (posthumous nomination) Best Actress in a Supporting Role- Peggy Ashcroft &ndash; A Passage to India as Mrs. Moore- Glenn Close &ndash; The Natural as Iris Gaines - Lindsay Crouse &ndash; Places in the Heart as Margaret Lomax - Christine Lahti &ndash; Swing Shift as Hazel - Geraldine Page &ndash; The Pope of Greenwich Village as Mrs. Ritter Best Screenplay &ndash; Original- Places in the Heart &ndash; Robert Benton"- Beverly Hills Cop &ndash; Danilo Bach and Daniel Petrie, Jr. - Broadway Danny Rose &ndash; Woody Allen - The North &ndash; Gregory Nava and Anna Thomas - Splash &ndash; Brian Grazer, Lowell Ganz, Babaloo Mandel and Bruce Jay Friedman Best Screenplay &ndash; Adapted- Amadeus &ndash; Peter Shaffer"- &ndash; Michael Austin and Robert Towne - The Killing Fields &ndash; Bruce Robinson - A Passage to India &ndash; David Lean - A Soldier's Story &ndash; Charles Fuller Best Foreign Language Film- Dangerous Moves (La diagonale du fou) • Switzerland"- Beyond the Walls (Me'Ahorei Hasoragim) • Israel - Camila • Argentina - Double Feature (Sesión continua) • Spain - Wartime Romance (Voenno-polevoy roman) • USSROther categories Other categories. Best Cinematography- The Killing Fields - Chris Menges- Amadeus - Miroslav Ondricek - The Natural - Caleb Deschanel - A Passage to India - Ernest Day - The River - Vilmos Zsigmond Best Art Direction-Set Decoration- Amadeus - Karel Cerny and Patrizia von Brandstein- 2010 - Albert Brenner and Rick Simpson - The Cotton Club - Richard Sylbert , George Gaines and Les Bloom - The Natural - Angelo Graham , Mel Bourne , James J. Murakami, Speed Hopkins, and Bruch Weintraub - A Passage to India - John Box , Leslie Tomkins and Hugh Scaife Best Costume Design- Amadeus - Theodor Pistek- 2010 - Patricia Norris - The Bostonians - Jenny Beavan  and John Bright - A Passage to India - Judy Moorcroft - Places in the Heart - Ann Roth Best Sound- Amadeus - Mark Berger , Thomas Scott , Todd Boekelheide and Christopher Newman- 2010 - Michael J. Kohut , Aaron Rochin , Carlos De Larios and Gene S. Cantamessa - A Passage to India - Graham V. Hartstone , Nicolas Le Messurier , Michael A. Carter and John Mitchell - The River - Nick Alphin , Robert Thirwell , Richard Portman and David Ronne Best Film Editing- The Killing Fields - Jim Clark- Amadeus - Nena Danevic and Michael Chandler - The Cotton Club - Barry Malkin and Robert Q. Lovett - A Passage to India - David Lean - Romancing the Stone - Donn Cambern and Frank Morriss Best Effects, Visual Effects- Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom - Dennis Muren , Michael J. McAlister , Lorne Peterson and George Gibbs- 2010 - Richard Edlund , Neil Krepela , George Jenson and Mark Stetson - Ghostbusters - Richard Edlund , John Bruno , Mark Vargo and Chuck Gasper Best Makeup- Amadeus - Dick Smith and Paul LeBlanc- - Rick Baker and Paul Engelen Best Music, Original Song- The Woman in Red - Stevie Wonder for the song I Just Called to Say I Love You- Against All Odds - Phil Collins for the song Take a Look at Me Now - Footloose - Kenny Loggins and Dean Pitchford for the song Footloose - Footloose - Dean Pitchford and Tom Snow for the song Let's Hear It for the Boy - Ghostbusters - Ray Parker, Jr. for the song Ghostbusters Best Music, Original Song Score- Purple Rain - Prince- The Muppets Take Manhattan - Jeff Moss - Songwriter - Kris Kristofferson Best Music, Original Score- A Passage to India - Maurice Jarre- Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom - John Williams - The Natural - Randy Newman - The River - John Williams - Under the Volcano - Alex North Best Short Film, Animated- Charade- Doctor De Soto - Paradise Best Short Film, Live Action- Up- The Painted Door - Tales of Meeting and Parting Best Documentary, Short Subjects- The Stone Carvers- The Children of Soong Ching Ling - The Garden of Eden - Recollections of Pavlovsk Best Documentary, Features- The Times of Harvey Milk- High Schools - In the Name of the People - Marlene - Streetwise</doc>
