<doc id="192160" url="https://th.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=192160" title="ดิอะเมซิ่งเรซ 2">ดิอะเมซิ่งเรซ 2 ดิ อะเมซิ่ง เรซ 2 () เป็นฤดูกาลที่ 2 ของรายการ ดิ อะเมซิ่ง เรซ ซึ่งเป็นเกมโชว์ประเภทเรียลลิตี้โชว์ระดับรางวัลเอ็มมี 8 สมัยซ้อนทางโทรทัศน์ รายการนี้จะมีผู้เข้าแข่งขันเป็นทีมๆ ละ 2 คนซึ่งรู้จักกันมาก่อนแล้ว ทำการแข่งขันโดยเดินทางรอบโลก โดยทีมที่ชนะจะได้รับเงินรางวัล 1 ล้านดอลลาร์สหรัฐ โดยเกมส์โชว์ดังกล่าวเริ่มออกอากาศในสหรัฐอเมริกาทางสถานีโทรทัศน์ซีบีเอสผลการแข่งขัน ผลการแข่งขัน. ตารางแสดงชื่อ ความสัมพันธ์ของผู้แข่งขันในขณะถ่ายทำของแต่ละทีมพร้อมทั้งแสดงสถานะในการแข่งขัน ดังนี้ เรียงตามลำดับผู้เข้าเส้นชัยก่อน (ตารางนี้อาจไม่ได้แสดงข้อมูลที่ตรงกับข้อมูลที่ออกอากาศในโทรทัศน์เนื่องจากข้อมูลที่เพิ่มเข้ามาบางส่วน หรือข้อมูลที่ถูกนำออกไปบางส่วน)  คริสกับอะเล็กซ์มาถึงเป็นลำดับ 7 ในเลกนี้ แต่หลังจากโชลากับโดยินถูกคัดออกจากการแข่งขันไปแล้ว พวกเขาจะต้องรับโทษปรับเวลา 42 นาที เพราะใช้ความเร็วเกินกำหนด แต่โทษปรับเวลานี้จะไปมีผล ณ เวลาที่ออกจากจุดพักในเลกที่ 4 เพื่อไปต่อในเลกที่ 5 ดังนั้นเมื่อคำนวณโทษปรับเวลาแล้ว พวกเขาจะออกจากจุดพักต่อไปเป็นลำดับสุดท้าย (ลำดับที่ 7) แม้ว่าจะไม่มีโทษปรับเวลาระหว่างที่เข้าเช็ค ณ จุดพักก็ตาม แกรี่กับเดฟเดิมมาถึงเป็นลำดับที่ 2 ในเลกนี้ แต่พวกเขาใช้ความเร็วเกินกำหนด พวกเขาจึงต้องรับโทษปรับเวลา 42 นาที แต่โทษปรับเวลานี้จะไปมีผล ณ เวลาที่ออกจากจุดพักในเลกที่ 4 เพื่อไปต่อในเลกที่ 5 ดังนั้นเมื่อคำนวณโทษปรับเวลาแล้ว พวกเขาจะออกจากจุดพักต่อไปเป็นลำดับที่ 3 แม้ว่าจะไม่มีโทษปรับเวลาระหว่างที่เข้าเช็ค ณ จุดพักก็ตาม ทารากับวิลมาถึงเป็นลำดับที่ 2 ในเลกนี้ แต่พวกเขาได้รับเวลาชดเชย 1 นาทีจากปัญหาเล็กน้อยระหว่างการถ่ายทำที่ทำให้พวกเขาช้าไป 1 นาที ทำให้ทารากับวิล และเบล็คกับเพคอยู่ในอันดับ 1 ร่วมกันหลังจากคำนวณเวลาชดเชยแล้ว เลก 8 และ 9 ถูกออกอากาศติดกันยาว 2 ชั่วโมงและเลก 12 และ 13 ออกอากาศติดกันเป็น 2 ชั่วโมงสุดท้ายเช่นกันเครื่องหมายต่างๆในการแข่งขันชื่อตอนในการแข่งขัน ชื่อตอนในการแข่งขัน. ชื่อตอนในการแข่งขันมักมาจากคำพูดสำคัญ ๆ ของผู้เข้าแข่งขันในเลกนั้น ๆ1. The World Is Waiting: Go! – Phil Keoghan 2. Help Me, I'm American! – Blake 3. My Alarm Clock Didn't Go Off! – Claire 4. This Game Is About Minutes – Shola 5. Welcome To The World Of Being Human – Mary 6. I'm Gonna Take His Girl – Alex 7. I'm Gonna Throw Up On Phil's Shoes – Oswald 8. I'm Not a Miner! No, You're An Idiot! – Wil & Tara 9. Ready To Lose Our Lives – Oswald 10. It's Hammer Time – Chris 11. Follow That Plane! – Wilรางวัล รางวัล. ในบางเลก ทางรายการจะมีรางวัลพิเศษให้กับทีมที่มาถึงจุดพักเป็นทีมแรก สำหรับรางวัลที่เป็นแพ็กเกจทัวร์ทั้งหมดสนับสนุนโดย- Leg 1 - A vacation to Hawaii provided by American Airlines Vacations. - Leg 8 - A seven day cruise on Royal Caribbean - Leg 9 - A vacation to Cancún provided by American Airlines Vacations. - Leg 10 - A vacation to Puerto Rico provided by American Airlines Vacations. - Leg 11 - A vacation to Los Cabos provided by American Airlines Vacations. - Leg 12 - A vacation to London and Paris provided by American Airlines Vacations. Due to a production error, which caused a delay of 1 minute, this prize was awarded to the 1st and 2nd place teams of this leg. - Leg 13 - $1,000,000สถานที่ในการแข่งขันเลก 1 (สหรัฐอเมริกา → บราซิล)สถานที่ในการแข่งขัน. เลก 1 (สหรัฐอเมริกา → บราซิล). - Pahrump, Nevada, United States (Starting line) - Las Vegas (McCarran International Airport) to Rio de Janeiro, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil (Rio de Janeiro-Galeão International Airport) - Rio de Janeiro (Christ the Redeemer) - Paquetá Island (Fat Maria) - Paquetá Island (Lido Hotel - Ilha Tours) (unused, unaired) - Rio de Janeiro (Sugarloaf Mountain) - Rio de Janeiro (Tocorimé Yacht near Urca Beach) The Detour on this leg was Mountain or Beach. In Mountain, teams walked into a short distance and rappelled down into Sugarloaf Mountain. When they were done, the climbing instructor would get their next clue. In Beach, teams must take a gondola to the ground and proceed to Ipanema Beach to find the woman who inspired the song "The Girl from Ipanema" on the beach using only a photo. If the woman is found, she would give them their next clue.- Additional tasks - On Paqueta Island, teams had to find a big tree known as "Fat Maria" and follow the local custom to kiss the tree. - Also on Paqueta Island, teams had to sign-up of one of three boats leaving the next morning.เลก 2 (บราซิล)เลก 2 (บราซิล). - Barra da Tijuca, Rio de Janeiro () - Rio de Janeiro (Copacabana Beach) - Rio de Janeiro (Pedra Bonita overlooking São Conrado beach) - Rio de Janeiro (Terminal Rodoviária Novo Rio) to Foz do Iguaçu, Paraná (Rodoviária Internacional de Foz do Iguaçu) - Foz do Iguaçu (Parque Nacional do Iguaçu, Iguaçu Falls - Macuco Safari Dock) - Foz do Iguaçu (Parque Nacional do Iguaçu - Jungle Camp) In this Fast Forward, one team member had to play volleyball with a score of 10 points and play against locals who could only use their feet. Once completed, the team would won the Fast Forward. The Detour on this leg was Freak Out or Seek Out. In Freak out, teams had take to hang glide from a mountain to the beach below with a local instructor. When they landed on a beach, they would get their next clue. In Seek Out, teams had to find metal detectors to look for the next clue. The Roadblock was one team member to take a map and speedboat into Iguaçu falls over the rapids and spot the flag at the top and follow the marked path to lead the way for the clue.- Additional task- At the start of the leg, teams had to match the feather to one of the dancers' headdresses. When they find her, she may provided them to get their next clue.เลก 3 (บราซิล → แอฟริกาใต้)เลก 3 (บราซิล → แอฟริกาใต้). - Foz do Iguaçu (Foz do Iguaçu International Airport) to Cape Town, South Africa (Cape Town International Airport) - Cape Town (Nelson Mandela Gateway, Victoria & Alfred Waterfront) to Robben Island - Robben Island (Section B Cell 5) (unused, unaired) - Robben Island to Cape Town (Nelson Mandela Gateway, Victoria & Alfred Waterfront) - Kalk Bay, Cape Town (Kalk Bay Harbour) - Kalk Bay, Cape Town (Kalk Bay Station) to Cape Town (Cape Town Railway Station) - Langa, Cape Town (Paradise Hair Salon, Zone 23) - Stellenbosch (Lanzerac Manor) The Detour on this leg was Dance or Deliver. In Dance, teams wear an orange costume and they had to sang and danced with a local troupe until they made R 25 in tips. The troupe leader would take the money and get their next clue. In Deliver, teams had to carry fish from the boat and delivered it onto these scales. Once they weighed in , the fish monger would get their next clue. The Roadblock was one team member to buy a box of Epsom salts and Smiley (sheep's head), then deliver them as an offering to a healer called Ndaba Sangoma who will then give them a bitter potion, to drink. In return, they will use them to prepare liquid remedy and both team members must drink all of them to get their next clue.- Additional task - At Robben Island, teams must find Section B Cell 5, which is Nelson Mandela's prison cell, to get their next clue.เลก 4 (แอฟริกาใต้ → นามเบียร์)เลก 4 (แอฟริกาใต้ → นามเบียร์). - Cape Town (Cape Aviation Business Centre, Cape Town International Airport) to Walvis Bay, Namibia (Walvis Bay Airport) - Swakopmund (Swakopmund Lighthouse) - Swakopmund (Swakopmund Hotel) - Swakopmund (Matterhorn Sand Dune at D1984) - Spitzkoppe (General Dealer) - Spitzkoppe (Woodcarver's Market) - near Windhoek (Amani Lodge) In this Fast Forward, teams had to search the hotel grounds and find the pool to retrieve the Fast Forward Award from inside. The Detour on this leg was Slide or Stride. In Slide, teams had to slide down at the steep side of the dune and directly find the route marker on the bottom. In Stride, teams must follow the flags and had to walked down the other side of the dune. The Roadblock, was one team member to use bargaining skills and had to buy one of five wood animal carvings (lion, rhino, buffalo, leopard and elephant). To complete this task, they have to bring all woodcarvings to the bushmen to added a giant giraffe which the clue is located. They had to bring the giant giraffe to the pit stop.- Additional tasks - At Cape Aviation Business Centre located on a said airport above, teams take one of two charter flights with a scheduled times of 9:00 am and 12:00 pm. - At Swakopmund Lighthose, teams are find a 4x4 vehicles on a nearby lot, once they spot them, they can run a lot and pick a truck where the next clue located on the truck. They are accompany by a local driver for a safety reasons. - Upon arriving on Spitzkoppe, teams find the store and they need to go inside then find a postcard for the next clue.เลก 5 (นามเบียร์ → ไทย)เลก 5 (นามเบียร์ → ไทย). - Windhoek (Windhoek Hosea Kutako International Airport) to Bangkok, Thailand (Don Mueang International Airport) - Bangkok (BTS Skytrain - Siam Station to Erawan Shrine) - Bangkok (Amulet Market) (unused, unaired) - Bangkok (Sai Tai Mai) to Ratchaburi - Ratchaburi (Wat Kao Chong Pran) - Amphawa (Ban Plai Pong Pang) The Detour on this leg was Confusion Now or Confusion Later. In Confusion Now, teams needed to find a specific water taxi dock then take one to a bird market and release a cage full of sparrows. In Confusion Later, teams had to take a taxi to Chinatown in Charoen Krung Soi 21, they have to purchase a car, which it made from paper and then they burn it at Lee Ti Biew shrine. For this Roadblock, one team member had to wear a mask into a cave full of bats and they retrieve their next clue from inside. The unused Fast Forward had teams find Pra Chai at Amulet Market and one team member had to shed their vanity and get their head shaved.เลก 6 (ไทย)เลก 6 (ไทย). - Bangkok (Pak Khlong Talad) - Bangkok (Hua Lam Phong Railway Station) to Chiang Mai (Chiang Mai Station) - Chiang Mai (Old Bridge on Ban Muang Kut) - Chiang Mai (Mae Ping Village) - Chiang Mai (Karen Village) The Detour of this leg was Boat or Beast. In Boat, teams must travel and used bamboo raft with long poles to navigate down river. In Beast, teams had to ride on a back slow elephant down a path next to the river. The Roadblock was one team member to wash chalk markings off an elephants where decorations used in religious ceremonies back until the judge was satisfied and they would get their next clue.เลก 7 (ไทย → ฮ่องกง)เลก 7 (ไทย → ฮ่องกง). - Chiang Mai (Seven Spires) - Chiang Mai (Chiang Mai International Airport) to Hong Kong (Hong Kong International Airport, Chek Lap Kok) - Wan Chai, Hong Kong (Central Plaza) - Wong Tai Sin (Wong Tai Sin Temple) - Wan Chai (Star Ferry Pier, Central) to Tsim Sha Tsui (Star Ferry Pier, Tsim Sha Tsui) - Kwai Chung (Hong Kong International Terminals Limited (HIT)) - Victoria Harbour (Onboard the Duk Ling Chinese Junk) The Fast Forward was one team member to search the basement of the Wong Tai Sin Temple. Once there, they have to search a woman named Amelia Chow and had give each a face reading and palm reading. If its successful, they would win the Fast Forward and straight ahead to the Pit Stop. The Detour on this leg was Wishing Tree or Herbal Tea. In Wishing tree, teams had to drive 18 ไมล์ to this tree. Once they get there, they need to write a wish on a scroll and throw it on the tree's branches. In Herbal tea, teams had to walked to a herbal shop on a marketplace in Saigon Street. Once there, they had to drink a cup of foul tasting tea. The Roadblock was one team member to climb the top of the crane and use this controls to move 2000 ปอนด์ shipping container off a truck to the ground. When its done and it moves back to its original position, a team partner may get the next clue on the side of the shipping container.- Additional task - At Central Plaza, teams use binoculars are provided and search the find green and white colors of the Star Ferry terminal.เลก 8 (ฮ่องกง → ออสเตรเลีย)เลก 8 (ฮ่องกง → ออสเตรเลีย). - Repulse Bay (Tin Hau Temple) - Ngong Ping (Tian Tan Buddha) (unused) - Stanley (Murray House) - Hong Kong (Chek Lap Kok International Airport) to Sydney, New South Wales, Australia (Kingsford Smith Sydney Airport) - Sydney (Sydney Opera House) - Sydney (Museum of Contemporary Art) The Fast forward was one team member to find Po Lin Monastery and they had to climb 268 steps of the Tian Tan Buddha and find the clue. Tara & Wil decided to took the Fast Forward, they changed their plans and declined to used it. The Detour on this leg was Dragon or Lion. In Dragon, teams had to row a dragon boat made for twelve through a short marked course, a distance of 600 meters. In Lion, teams had to carry a two person ceremonial lion through a long crowded market and up stairs. The Roadblock required one team member to follow a series of clues written in Australian slang (Team members had to find the surfie in the lairy daks in Martin Place, the anklebiter riding a bicycle around the Archibald Fountain at Hyde Park, the Sheila in the Aussie cozzie near Captain Cook Statue in Hyde Park and the bushie in Circular Quay) to translate them to complete in each order of the task until this is not over and told them to return on their team partner.เลก 9 (ออสเตรเลีย)เลก 9 (ออสเตรเลีย). - Sydney (Sydney Harbour Bridge through BridgeClimb Sydney) - Woolloomooloo, Sydney (Harry's Cafe de Wheels) - Sydney (Sydney Airport) to Adelaide, South Australia (Adelaide International Airport) - Adelaide (National Jet Systems Terminal) - Adelaide (Adelaide International Airport) to Coober Pedy (Coober Pedy Airport) - Coober Pedy (Metal Tree) - Breakaways National Park (Lookout 2) - outside Coober Pedy (Aboriginal Camp, The Breakaways) The Fast Forward was one team member to go to Harry's Cafe. Once there, one team member to eat one of their Australian meat pies. The Detour on this leg was Cool Down or Heat Up. In Cool Down teams had to find a particular Coober Pedy mine called the Opal Quest then search through a pile of dirt for a opal. Then, they must bring it back to the miner on a blue truck. If the found the real opal, the miner will get their next clue. In Heat Up teams played three holes of golf on a hot desert golf course called Cooper Pedy Golf Club. They are given a map that help to find a ball and playing as high of 130 degrees. The Roadblock was one team member to play a game using a traditional hunting tool known as boomerang. A player stand inside a circle then throw it from the outside and have it return or landing inside a circle. They would pick as many throws, if they show up and they will take turns to throw it.- Additional task - At the Sydney Harbour Bridge, teams may accompany a sign-up for Sydney BridgeClimb and they would get their next clue. - Upon arriving in Adelaide, teams may sign-up one of three charter flights to Coober Pedy.เลก 10 (ออสเตรเลีย → นิวซีแลนด์)เลก 10 (ออสเตรเลีย → นิวซีแลนด์). - Glendambo (Airstrip) - Adelaide (Adelaide International Airport) to Queenstown, New Zealand (Queenstown Airport) - (Wentworth Station) - (Shotover River) - Nevis River (Nevis Highwire Platform) - Mt Somers (Canterbury Plains - Inverary Sheep Station) The Fast Forward was to take a speedboat down the narrow Shotover river and find a flag to win the Fast Forward. The Detour on this leg was Quick Jump or Long Hike. In Quick Jump, teams had take a bungee jump down to find the clue at the bottom of the canyon. In Long Hike, teams had to hike down a long trail to the bottom of the canyon. The Roadblock was one team member to find a sheep and separate 3 black sheep from 22 white sheep from a small pen to another. When its done, both teams are head straight to check the pit stop.- Additional task - In Glendambo, teams must get on either a 10.30am or 11.15am flight to the nearest airport, in Adelaide.เลก 11 (นิวซีแลนด์)เลก 11 (นิวซีแลนด์). - Picton (Interislander Picton Ferry Terminal) to Wellington (Interislander Wellington Ferry Terminal) - Rotorua (Maori Arts & Crafts Institute) - Mount Tarawera - Waitomo Caves (The Lost World) - Woodhill, Auckland (4 Track Adventures) - Auckland (Ardmore Airport - Warbirds Hangar) The Fast Forward had to run down Mount Tarawera's loose rock walls and then had to hike the path and complete the run on a loose volcanic rock known as scree and on the mouth of the dormant volcano where had to find the clue box below. The Detour on this leg was Drop or Climb. In Drop, teams and their guide had to descend into the free rappel cavern known as The Lost World and the clue is located on an igneous rock. In Climb, teams had to climb down a ladder into the cavern and walk it to find the clue. The Roadblock was one team member to ride an ATV and navigate through a challenging off-road course in a difficult terrain and they need to pick up a clue on the beach.เลก 12 (นิวซีแลนด์ → สหรัฐอเมริกา)เลก 12 (นิวซีแลนด์ → สหรัฐอเมริกา). - Auckland (Sir John Logan Campbell Monument) - Auckland (Auckland Airport) to Maui, Hawaii, USA (Kahului Airport) - Paia, Maui (old campus of Maui High School) - Maui (Pauwela Pineapple Field) - Maui (McGregor Point at Maalaea) to Molokini - Maui (Huialoha Church) The Detour on this leg was Bike or Walk. In Bike, teams had to ride a bicycles and search through a large pineapple field to find a single red painted pineapple. In Walk, teams may walk on foot through the same field to find one of 4 yellow painted pineapple. In either case, once the teams found a right pineapple, they are to open it up and get their next clue. In both detours, they have to search colored pineapples hidden somewhere on this large field. The Roadblock was one team member to wear snorkel gear and to find one of three yellow cases in an underwater and retrieve a clue sealed inside.เลก 13 (สหรัฐอเมริกา)เลก 13 (สหรัฐอเมริกา). - Maui (Queen Kaahumanu's Birthplace near Hana Bay) - Maui (Kahului Airport) to Anchorage, Alaska (Ted Stevens Anchorage International Airport) - Anchorage (Rust's Flying Service) - Anchorage (Lake Hood Strip) to Trapper Creek (Overnight Rest) - Big Lake (Homesteader's Hardware Store) - Hurricane Gulch - Anchorage (Ted Stevens Anchorage International Airport) to Oakland, California (Oakland International Airport) - San Francisco (Landmark #97, Atkinson-Esher House) - San Francisco (Municipal Pier) - Sausalito (Murray Circle on East Fort Baker) (Finish Line) The Roadblock was one team member to use any tools picked up from a hardware store (see additional tasks) and to get a frozen clue in a large globe of ice out.- Additional tasks - At Trapper Creek, teams had to spend the night in an igloo to receive their next clue. - Also at Trapper Creek, one team member must drive a Snow Cat across a frozen lake. - At Homesteader's Hardware Store, teams had to pick up some tools and get the next clue. - After picking up the tools, teams may pick up a bag of tools and propane torch to provide and reach the next destination.</doc>
