<doc id="192289" url="https://th.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=192289" title="ดิอะเมซิ่งเรซ 4">ดิอะเมซิ่งเรซ 4 ดิ อะเมซิ่ง เรซ 4 () เป็นฤดูกาลที่ 4 ของรายการ ดิ อะเมซิ่ง เรซ ซึ่งเป็นเกมโชว์ประเภทเรียลลิตี้โชว์ระดับรางวัลเอ็มมี 8 สมัยซ้อนทางโทรทัศน์ รายการนี้จะมีผู้เข้าแข่งขันเป็นทีมๆ ละ 2 คนซึ่งรู้จักกันมาก่อนแล้ว ทำการแข่งขันโดยเดินทางรอบโลก โดยทีมที่ชนะจะได้รับเงินรางวัล 1 ล้านดอลลาร์สหรัฐ โดยเกมส์โชว์ดังกล่าวเริ่มออกอากาศในสหรัฐอเมริกาทางสถานีโทรทัศน์ซีบีเอส โดยฤดูกาลนี้เป็นฤดูกาลแรกที่รางวัลเอ็มมีมีการแจกรางวัลประเภทเรียลลิตี้โชว์การแข่งขันและรายการก็คว้ามาได้แบบผูกขาดอยู่รายการเดียวจนถึงปัจจุบันผลการแข่งขัน ผลการแข่งขัน. ตารางแสดงชื่อ ความสัมพันธ์ของผู้แข่งขันในขณะถ่ายทำของแต่ละทีมพร้อมทั้งแสดงสถานะในการแข่งขัน ดังนี้ เรียงตามลำดับผู้เข้าเส้นชัยก่อน (ตารางนี้อาจไม่ได้แสดงข้อมูลที่ตรงกับข้อมูลที่ออกอากาศในโทรทัศน์เนื่องจากข้อมูลที่เพิ่มเข้ามาบางส่วน หรือข้อมูลที่ถูกนำออกไปบางส่วน) เครื่องหมายต่างๆในการแข่งขันชื่อตอนในการแข่งขัน ชื่อตอนในการแข่งขัน. ชื่อตอนในการแข่งขันมักมาจากคำพูดสำคัญ ๆ ของผู้เข้าแข่งขันในเลกนั้น ๆ1. "Cheaters Never Win...And They Cheated!" - Sheree 2. "It Doesn't Say Anything About First Come First Served...And We're Bigger" -Reichen 3. "I Wasn't Even Going To Touch You Until You Slammed My Head Backwards" - Millie 4. "Check Your Tires Because...Oh God, You Never Know What'll Happen!" - Steve (of Steve & Dave) 5. "You Are Just Deliberately Trying To Make Us Lose!" - Jaree 6. "I Could Have Never Been Prepared For What I'm Looking At Right Now" - Reichen 7. "We're Going Down The Wrong Side Of The Freeway...And The Lights Are Off!" -Tian 8. "The Princess Reminded Me of My Grandmother" - David (misquoted, as he actually referred to the "priestess") 9. "We're Not at Charm School Learning How to Be a Gentleman, We're Racing" - Jon (of Kelly & Jon) 10. "That's Me. That's My Face. Just Hit My Face. Hit My Face!" - Jon (of Kelly & Jon) 11. "Such a Nice Pheromone Smell to You; Just Makes Me Want to Stay Close" - Jon (of Kelly & Jon) 12. "He's A Couple Of Ticks Away From Having A Heart Attack" - Jon (of Kelly & Jon) 13. "It's Like Adam Building His First House!" - Kellyรางวัล รางวัล. ในบางเลก ทางรายการจะมีรางวัลพิเศษให้กับทีมที่มาถึงจุดพักเป็นทีมแรก สำหรับรางวัลที่เป็นแพ็กเกจทัวร์ทั้งหมดสนับสนุนโดย- Leg 1 - A vacation to Hawaii provided by American Airlines website. - Leg 5 - A seven-day Mexican Rivera cruise vacation on Royal Caribbean. - Leg 6 - A seven-night cruise to Hubbard Glacier on Royal Caribbean. - Leg 7 - A seven-night cruise vacation to the Western Caribbean on Royal Caribbean. - Leg 8 - A vacation to Mexico, compliments of American Airlines website. - Leg 9 - A festive Latin American vacation courtesy of American Airlines website. - Leg 10 - A Caribbean vacation, courtesy of American Airlines website. - Leg 11 - A vacation to Mexico courtesy of American Airlines website. - Leg 12 - A vacation to Europe compliments of American Airlines Website. - Leg 13 - $1,000,000สถานที่ในการแข่งขันเลก 1 (สหรัฐอเมริกา → อิตาลี)สถานที่ในการแข่งขัน. เลก 1 (สหรัฐอเมริกา → อิตาลี). - Los Angeles, California, USA (Dodger Stadium) (Starting Line) - Los Angeles, California, USA (Los Angeles International Airport) to Milan, Italy (Malpensa International Airport) - Milan, (Galleria Vittorio Emanuele II) - Cortina d'Ampezzo (Church of St. Filippo and Giacomo) - Pocol, Cortina d'Ampezzo (Passo Giau) - Cortina d'Ampezzo (Cinque Torri) - Cortina d'Ampezzo (Hotel Lajadira) The Fast Forward had teams put on showshoes and trek to the top of a snowy hill. The Detour on this leg was Search or Rescue. In Search teams use a locator beacon to search the snow for keys which they would use to drive a snowmobile to the next clue. In Rescue teams crossed a rescue bridge of 4 steel cables then use a zipline to cross a ravine. Additional Tasks- At the Galleria, Teams must search for bus tickets with different departure times leaving the next day.เลก 2 (อิตาลี)เลก 2 (อิตาลี). - Cortina d'Ampezzo (Trampolino Olimpico) - Cortina d'Ampezzo (Calalzo Train Station / Alpi Train Station) to Venice (Stazione Ferroviaría di Venezia Santa Lucia) - Venice (Ponte delle Guglie) - Venice (Rialto Bridge) - Venice (Palazzo da Mosto) - Venice (Citta di Padova Boat, Laguna Veneta) The Detour on this leg was Waterway or Pathway. In Waterway teams travel by gondola to a small plaza using a map but could not ask for help. In Pathway teams walked to the plaza without a map but could ask for directions. The plaza name of both detour is Campo Querini Stampalia. The Fast Forward was to perform with a group of traveling players until the Fast Forward clue appeared in the skit. Once the team saw it, they could claim it. The Roadblock was to use a photo of a mask and find the person in Palazzo da Mosto wearing the mask.- Additional task - At the Trampolino Olimpico, Teams must use snow raft, with a large inflatable raft, down the hill.เลก 3 (อิตาลี → ออสเตรีย)เลก 3 (อิตาลี → ออสเตรีย). - Venice (Stazione Ferroviaría di Venezia Santa Lucia) to Vienna, Austria (Wien Südbahnhof) - Vienna (Wien Kanal - intersection of Friedrichstraße and Operngasse exit to Heumarkt) - Vienna (Johann Strauß II Monument at Stadtpark) - Vienna (Schönbrunn Palace) - Vienna (Donauturm) - Vienna (Wien Westbahnhof / Wien Praterstern) to Gmunden (Bahnhof Gmunden) - Gmunden (Schloss Ort) The Detour on this leg was Mozart or Beethoven. In Mozart teams carried a string bass to the house where Mozart wrote "The Marriage of Figaro". In Beethoven teams carry sheet music to the house where Beethoven wrote "The Heiligenstadt Testaments". The Fast Forward was to carry a tray of glasses through ballroom of waltzing couples without dropping any. The Roadblock was to bungee jump off the Donauturm tower.เลก 4 (ออสเตรีย → ฝรั่งเศส)เลก 4 (ออสเตรีย → ฝรั่งเศส). - ++ to Paris, France (Charles de Gaulle International Airport) - Paris (Gare Montparnasse) to Le Mans (Gare du Mans) - Le Mans (Circuit Bugatti) - Marseille (Porte 4 Cap Janet of Port autonome de Marseille to Phare de Sainte Marie) - Bagnols-en-Forêt (Gorges du Blavet) - Aix-en-Provence (Musée de Tapisseries) - Saint-Rémy-de-Provence (Chateau des Alpilles) The Detour on this leg was Ropes or Slopes. In Ropes teams rappelled down the side of a cliff. In Slopes teams took a sloping trail to the route marker. The Fast Forward was to put together a puzzle of the Pit Stop. The Roadblock was to put four wheels on a racecar then do a lap with the driver. Steve & Josh, Monica & Sheree, Tian & Jaree, Reichen & Chip, Kelly & Jon & Steve & Dave - (Salzburg Airport, Salzburg, Austri. David & Jeff, Millie & Chuck, Jon & Al - (Munich Airport - Munich, Germany.เลก 5 (ฝรั่งเศส → เนเธอร์แลนด์)เลก 5 (ฝรั่งเศส → เนเธอร์แลนด์). - Marseille (ท่าอากาศยานมาร์แซย์โพรว็องส์) to Amsterdam, Netherlands (Amsterdam Schiphol Airport) - Amsterdam (Magere Brug) - Amsterdam (Scheepvaart Museum) - Amsterdam (Molen Van Sloten) - Monnickendam (Smoker Statue) - Muiden (Kastel Muiderslot) The Detour on this leg was 500 kilograms or 15 feet. In 500 kilograms teams use a wooden stretcher to carry cheese to scale until it weighed in at . In 15 feet teams searched barehanded through of cow manure for the next clue. In the Fast Forward, teams had to ride on a windmill sail for 10 revolutions. The Roadblock was to catch 25 eels and place them in a container.เลก 6 (เนเธอร์แลนด์ → อินเดีย)เลก 6 (เนเธอร์แลนด์ → อินเดีย). - Amsterdam (Amsterdam Schiphol Airport) to Mumbai, Maharashtra, India (Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport) - Mumbai (Film City - Studio 10) - Mumbai (Sassoon Docks - Indo Universal Engineering) - Mumbai (Gateway of India) The Detour on this leg was Suds or Duds. In Suds teams washed a bundle of clothing by hand until they found a piece of clothing with the clue printed on it. In Duds teams needed to find a clothing shop and search through hundreds of saris for one with the clue printed on it. The Suds detour is located in Dhobi Ghat in Saat Rasta near Mahalaxmi Railway Station and the sari stop is called P. Amarlel which is near Kalbadevi Road. The Roadblock was to carry 20 Palai fish through a fish market to the manager.เลก 7 (อินเดีย)เลก 7 (อินเดีย). - Panvel (Panvel Station) to Ernakulam, Kerala (Ernakulam Junction) - Ernakulam (Highway Marker NH47) - Alleppey (Sports Field near Pallathuruthy Bridge at Alappuzha-Changanassery Highway) - Alleppey (Beach Road) - Alleppey (Punnamada - The Finishing Point) The Roadblock was to ride bulls at top speed across a mud course the size of a football field. The Detour on this leg was Baskets or Trunks. In Baskets teams had to load 10 chickens into baskets on a bicycle-powered wagon and take it to a farm. In Trunks teams load 2 bales of coir on to an elephant and ride it to the coir shop.- Additional task - At the National Highway 47, Teams must find a big billboard with a yellow and red marker for find the next clue.เลก 8 (อินเดีย → มาเลเซีย)เลก 8 (อินเดีย → มาเลเซีย). - Cochin (Cochin International Airport) to Kota Kinabalu, West Coast Division, Sabah, Malaysia (Kota Kinabalu International Airport) - Penampang (Monsopiad Cultural Village) - Kota Kinabalu (Jesselton Point Jetty) - Tunku Abdul Rahman National Park (Manukan Island) The Detour on this leg was Net or Trap. In Net teams took their boat to a fishing platform and use a net to catch 15 fish in a pen. In Trap teams took their boat to a group of lobster boats and pull weighted lobster traps out. The Roadblock was to hit 3 targets with a bow and arrow, a blowpipe and a spear then they could run to the Pit Stop.เลก 9 (มาเลเซีย)เลก 9 (มาเลเซีย). - Ranau (Poring Hot Springs) - Sandakan, Sandakan Division (Trushidup Palm Oil Plantation) - Sepilok (Sepilok Orangutan Sanctuary) - Kinabatangan (Gomantong Caves) - Sepilok (Sepilok Nature Resort) The Detour on this leg was Chop or Haul. In Chop teams had to use local tools to chop down palm nut bunches with a clue attached. In Haul teams used a wheelbarrow to carry 25 nut bunches to a truck. The Fast Forward was to find a feeding station in the jungle and feed two pieces of fruit to an orangutan. The Roadblock was to climb a rattan ladder to above the stone cave's floor and grab a hanging clue.เลก 10 (มาเลเซีย → เกาหลีใต้)เลก 10 (มาเลเซีย → เกาหลีใต้). - Sandakan () - Kota Kinabalu (Kota Kinabalu Airport) to Incheon, South Korea (Incheon International Airport) - Seoul (Namsan Park - N Seoul Tower) - Cheorwon (Hantan River, Sundam Valley - Rafting Korea) - Seoul (Subway Station 228) - Seoul (Gyeongbokgung Palace - Geunjeongjeon Hall) The Roadblock was to plunge into the icy river and swim under the ice to an exit hole. The Detour choices in this leg were Strong Hands or Strong Stomach. In Strong Hands, teams had to go to a local Tae Kwon Do dojang and break three boards before being receiving their clue. In Strong Stomach, teams had to go to a restaurant where they had order and eat a Korean delicacy. What they didn't know until it was given to them is that the delicacy was a large bowl of live octopuses.- Additional task - At the Temple, Teams must search through thousands of tiny Buddha figurines for the one with their names on it. Behind the figurine would be a key to a rattan bag holding their next clue.เลก 11 (เกาหลีใต้ → ออสเตรเลีย)เลก 11 (เกาหลีใต้ → ออสเตรเลีย). - Seoul (Hangang Park on Yeouido Island) - Incheon (Incheon International Airport) to Brisbane, Queensland, Australia (Brisbane Airport) - Brisbane (Penthouse on Holiday Inn) - Sunshine Coast - Mooloolaba (UnderWater World) - Mooloolaba (Yacht Club) The Detour choices were Face First or Foot First. In Face First, teams had to go to Holiday Inn, Brisbane and do a face-first rappel 30 ft. from the penthouse down to the ground before receiving their next clue. In Foot First, teams had to spot a building with a race flag on top of it and then travel on foot to the top of that building. When they reach to the top, they would receive their next clue. In this leg's Fast Forward, teams had to perform an Australian Surf Rescue. The Roadblock was to walk across a pool filled with 100 sharks inside an aquarium to retrieve the clue from a small chest.- Additional task - At the Hangang Park teams had to pull on a string attached to a marked pedestal to release a clue attached to the kites flying overhead.เลก 12 (ออสเตรเลีย)เลก 12 (ออสเตรเลีย). - Ferny Hills (Woolshed) - Brisbane (Brisbane Airport) to Aeroglen, Cairns (Cairns International Airport) - Palm Cove, Cairns (Wild World) - Cairns (Wangetti Beach) - Julatten, Cairns (Off Road Rush) - Cairns (Ellis Beach) The Detour on this leg was Saddle or Paddle. In Saddle teams took a horse down a one and a half mile of beach to one of 4 race flags then search a radius for a cluster of clue envelopes. Only 1 cluster contained the clue, the other 4 instructed them to try again. In Paddle teams inflate a kayak and take it to an orange buoy. The Roadblock was to drive a race buggy down a 7 mile muddy road with an instructor.- Additional task - At the Woolshed, teams had to search in a large pile of wool for their next clue. - At the Wild World, One team member must use a feeding stick to feed a crocodile, while the other team member takes a picture with Kodak EasyShare camera.เลก 13 (ออสเตรเลีย → สหรัฐอเมริกา)เลก 13 (ออสเตรเลีย → สหรัฐอเมริกา). - Smithfield, Cairns (Tjapukai Aboriginal Cultural Park) - Aeroglen, Cairns (Cairns International Airport - General Aviation Terminal) - Aeroglen, Cairns (Cairns International Airport) to Hawai'i, Hawaii, USA (Kona International Airport) - Hawai'i (Kaulana Bay) - Hawai'i (Hawaii Volcanoes National Park) - +++ to Phoenix, Arizona (Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport) - Phoenix (USS Arizona Memorial) - Tempe (Sun Devil Stadium) - Phoenix (Papago Park) (Finish Line) The Detour on this leg was Wing It or Wander It. In Wing It, teams skydive with an instructor. They find their next clue in the skydive landing zone. In Wander It, teams drive to a forest and find a boat to take them to the skydive landing zone. Once they find the correct zone, they would receive their next clue. The Roadblock was to swim to a floating tiki head, dive underwater to retrieve a rock, carry it back to the beach and smash it open for the clue inside.- Additional tasks - At the Cultural Park, Team members must perform a local ceremony with fire. The torch signals to enter carrying three traditional messages for receiving a next clue. - At the Sun Devil Stadium, Teams must solve a riddle, which will tell them which seat their clue is in. + Reichen & Chip - Hilo, Hawaii (Hilo International Airport. + Kelly & Jon - Kona, Hawaii (Kona International Airport.</doc>
