<doc id="195155" url="https://th.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=195155" title="ดิอะเมซิ่งเรซ 5">ดิอะเมซิ่งเรซ 5 ดิ อะเมซิ่ง เรซ 5 () เป็นฤดูกาลที่ 5 ของรายการ ดิ อะเมซิ่ง เรซ ซึ่งเป็นเกมโชว์ประเภทเรียลลิตี้โชว์ระดับรางวัลเอ็มมี 8 สมัยซ้อนทางโทรทัศน์ รายการนี้จะมีผู้เข้าแข่งขันเป็นทีมๆ ละ 2 คนซึ่งรู้จักกันมาก่อนแล้ว ทำการแข่งขันโดยเดินทางรอบโลก โดยทีมที่ชนะจะได้รับเงินรางวัล 1 ล้านดอลลาร์สหรัฐ โดยเกมส์โชว์ดังกล่าวเริ่มออกอากาศในสหรัฐอเมริกาทางสถานีโทรทัศน์ซีบีเอสผลการแข่งขัน ผลการแข่งขัน. ตารางแสดงชื่อ ความสัมพันธ์ของผู้แข่งขันในขณะถ่ายทำของแต่ละทีมพร้อมทั้งแสดงสถานะในการแข่งขัน ดังนี้ เรียงตามลำดับผู้เข้าเส้นชัยก่อน (ตารางนี้อาจไม่ได้แสดงข้อมูลที่ตรงกับข้อมูลที่ออกอากาศในโทรทัศน์เนื่องจากข้อมูลที่เพิ่มเข้ามาบางส่วน หรือข้อมูลที่ถูกนำออกไปบางส่วน)เครื่องหมายต่างๆในการแข่งขันชื่อตอนในการแข่งขัน ชื่อตอนในการแข่งขัน. ชื่อตอนในการแข่งขันมักมาจากคำพูดสำคัญ ๆ ของผู้เข้าแข่งขันในเลกนั้น ๆ1. "Clearly, I'm More Intelligent than You" - Alison 2. "It Turned Ugly Just Now" - Kami 3. "I Got Electrocuted" - Charla 4. "Who Says Pageant Girls Don't Eat?" - Brandon 5. "Are You Good at Puzzles?" - Brandon 6. "Why Can't We Get a Camel?" - Marshall 7. "Are You Sure This is Safe?" - Nicole 8. "I'm Going to Jail" - Colin 9. "If You're Going to Whine, Just Shut Up!" - Karen 10. "If They're Screwing the Helmet to My Head, It Can't Be Good!" - Linda 11. "It's Okay, Run Them Over!" - Christie 12. "You've Just Made Me a Millionaire" - Chipรางวัล รางวัล. ในบางเลก ทางรายการจะมีรางวัลพิเศษให้กับทีมที่มาถึงจุดพักเป็นทีมแรก สำหรับรางวัลที่เป็นแพ็กเกจทัวร์ทั้งหมดสนับสนุนโดย- Leg 1 - A vacation to Hawaii provided by American Airlines website AA.com. - Leg 6 - A vacation to exotic Mexico provided by American Airlines website AA.com. - Leg 7 - A vacation to sunny Latin America provided by American Airlines website AA.com. - Leg 8 - A vacation to sunny Caribbean provided by American Airlines website AA.com. - Leg 9 - A vacation to exotic Mexico provided by American Airlines website AA.com. - Leg 10 - A vacation to Europe provided by American Airlines website AA.com. - Leg 11 - A vacation to Hawaii provided by American Airlines website AA.com. - Leg 12 - A vacation to sunny Caribbean provided by American Airlines website AA.com. - Leg 13 - $1,000,000สถานที่ในการแข่งขันเลก 1 (สหรัฐอเมริกา → อูรุกวัย)สถานที่ในการแข่งขัน. เลก 1 (สหรัฐอเมริกา → อูรุกวัย). - Santa Monica, California, United States (Santa Monica Pier) (Starting Point) - Los Angeles (Los Angeles International Airport) to Punta del Este, Uruguay- Montevideo (Carrasco International Airport) to Punta del Este (Bus station) - Punta del Este (The Hand in the Sand) - Gorriti Island (Overnight Rest) - Punta del Este (Dock) - Maldonado (José Francisco González Meat Warehouse) - Punta del Este (Conrad Hotel) - Punta Ballena (Casapueblo) The Detour for this Leg of the Race was Zips or Chips. In both detours, teams must get in the hotel. In Zips, teams had to ascend into a penthouse of the hotel across and travel by zip-line above the ground, then take a second zip line 18 stories down to the hotel pool to receive their next clue. In Chips, teams had to play roulette in the hotel casino with 20 chips and would receive their clue if they won a game. If they lost all of their chips, they would have to do the Zips task.- Additional notes - Teams had a choice to take one of two flights from Los Angeles to Montevideo and then take a bus to Punta del Este, Uruguay.- Additional tasks - At the Gorriti Island, teams had to search for three different departure times hidden on 11 trees. - At the Meat Warehouse, teams had to carry a 55 pound slab of meat, from the meat warehouse, then deliver it to La Rosada Carniceria and the butcher will pick up their next clue.เลก 2 (อูรุกวัย → อาร์เจนตินา)เลก 2 (อูรุกวัย → อาร์เจนตินา). - Montevideo (Shake Mega Disco) - Colonia del Sacramento (Ferry Station) to Buenos Aires, Argentina - Buenos Aires (Recoleta Cemetery - Grave of Evita Perón) - San Antonio de Areco, Buenos Aires Province (La Estancia La Invernada) - San Antonio de Areco (La Porteña) The second Detour was Perro or Tango. In Perro, teams must take on the extremely popular job of dog walking. They had to walk eight dogs on a 1-mile course, while using a provided map to navigate past a series of checkpoints to their final destination, La Flor. They were able to begin the task outside the cemetery. In Tango, teams had to travel to crowded streets across the city to a theater, which was filled with tango dancers, who looked similar to each other. Teams were given a photo of a tango dancer; their task was to find the dancer who matched their photo. If the teams gave it to the wrong dancer, the dancer would take the photo. If they were unsuccessful, they would have to get a new picture and try again. The first Roadblock of the race was to play a game traditionally played by children in a ranch, ribbon roping. One team member must enter a corral and attempt to remove a bandana from the neck of one of the calves. Since they were not allowed to tackle or pull the animals, the task could prove frustrating. A gaucho woman would give them their next clue.- Additional tasks - At the start of the leg, teams had to rip open a foam ball to get the clue inside. - Teams had arrive in Buenos Aires and needed to find the correct grave of former Argentine first lady Evita Perón which the correct location is Recoleta Cemetery and the next clue is located.เลก 3 (อาร์เจนตินา)เลก 3 (อาร์เจนตินา). - Buenos Aires (Jorge Newbery Domestic Airport) to San Carlos de Bariloche, Rio Negro Province (Teniente Luis Candelaria International Airport) - San Carlos de Bariloche (Civic Center) - San Carlos de Bariloche (Del Turista Chocolate Factory) - San Carlos de Bariloche (Villa Catedral) - Bahia Lopez The Roadblock required one team member to search through 11,000 chocolates (by biting into them) until they located one with a white center. Of these 11,000 chocolates, 20 of them had a white center. When the white center is found, they would get their next clue. The Detour was Smooth Sailing or Rough Riding. In Smooth Sailing, each teammate had to paraglide in tandem with an instructor off a 5000 ft. mountain. When they successfully landed, they would get their next clue. In Rough Riding, each team must ride a mountain bike on a 6 mi. course down the mountain. When they had completed the course, they would receive their next clue.- Additional task - At the Civic Center, teams had to find the mayor.เลก 4 (อาร์เจนตินา → รัสเซีย)เลก 4 (อาร์เจนตินา → รัสเซีย). - San Carlos de Bariloche (Bariloche Bus Station) to Buenos Aires - Buenos Aires (Ministro Pistarini International Airport) to Saint Petersburg, Russia (Pulkovo Airport) - Saint Petersburg (Battleship Aurora) (Unaired) - Saint Petersburg (Bronze Horseman) - Pushkin (Old Tower Restaurant) - Pushkin (Catherine's Palace) This leg's Detour was Block 5 Shots or Drink 1 Shot. In Block 5 Shots, teams had to travel to an ice hockey rink, put on a protective gear and step to the goal's position to block five slap shots by professional hockey players. If the shots are blocked, a coach would get their next clue. In Drink 1 Shot, teams had to travel to Archikov Palace, and perform a cossack ritual: Balance a shot glass of vodka on the blade of a saber, and tilt the sword to drink the vodka, without dropping the glass. When they are done, they would receive their next clue. The Roadblock required one team member to eat 1 kg. of caviar. When the caviar is successfully eaten, a waiter would get their next clue.เลก 5 (รัสเซีย → อียิปต์)เลก 5 (รัสเซีย → อียิปต์). - Pushkin to Saint Petersburg (Vitebsky Rail Terminal) - Saint Petersburg (Hermitage Museum) - Saint Petersburg (Pulkovo Airport) to Cairo, Egypt (Cairo International Airport) - Cairo (Tower of Cairo) - Cairo (Pharaonic Village) - Giza (Giza pyramid complex - Osiris Shaft) - Giza (Base of the Pyramid) - Giza (Sphinx) In this Fast Forward, teams had to carry a sarcophagus and transport it via ferry into the temple and deliver it to the priest to win the Fast Forward. In the Roadblock for this leg of the race, one team member had to descend down a series of ladders into Osiris Shaft below sea level. Next, they retrieve a satchel containing puzzle pieces and which presented it to an Egyptologist for getting the next clue. The Detour was Rock & Roll or Hump & Ride. In Rock & Roll, teams had to use traditional techniques to transport of two-stone rock across an area the size of football field. In Hump & Ride, teams had to pick a pair of horse and two camels loaded with carpets to a merchant.- Additional task - At the Hermitage Museum, teams had to find the painting of the Return of the Prodigal Son by Rembrandt. - Teams had to use the puzzle pieces in the satchel collected at the Roadblock and a map to figure out their next destination. If teams placed their puzzle pieces onto the map, a hole in the puzzle would show them where to go.เลก 6 (อียิปต์)เลก 6 (อียิปต์). - Giza (Great Pyramids) - Cairo (Old Cairo Airport) to Luxor (Luxor International Airport) - Luxor (Karnak Temple) - Luxor (Habu Temple) - Luxor (West Nile Ferry Port) to Crocodile Island - Luxor (Crocodile Island) The Detour for this leg of the Race was Herd It or Haul It. In both detours, teams have travel by kalesh, a traditional carriage. In Herd It, teams had travel to Banana Island for load ten goats into a sailboat and deliver them to a shepherd on the other side of the Nile River and give the animals to a waiting shepherd for exchange in their next clue. In Haul It, teams travel to a pigeon farm and use a traditional device to haul water from the Nile into an urn and transport it by donkey to fill a cistern. When it is filled in a correct mark, they will get their next clue. In the Roadblock, one team member had to choose a large dig site to use archeological tools to dig, in a plot of sand, for unearth a scarab, a beetle stone carving which is a part of Egyptian mythology. When the scarab is found, an archeologist will give them their next clue.เลก 7 (อียิปต์ → เคนยา → ทานซาเนีย)เลก 7 (อียิปต์ → เคนยา → ทานซาเนีย). - Luxor (Luxor International Airport) to Nairobi, Kenya (Jomo Kenyatta International Airport)- via Cairo (Cairo International Airport) - Nairobi (Jomo Kenyatta International Airport - Z. Boskovic Air Charters) to Kilimanjaro, Tanzania (Kilimanjaro International Airport) - Kilimanjaro (Bus station) to Mto wa Mbu - Kibaoni (Kavishe Hotel) - Lake Manyara (Lookout) The Detour was Buzzing or Busy. In Buzzing, teams had to travel by bicycle to a local honey farm, put on a beekeeper suits and harvest 2 kg. of honey from traditional African hives. When its successful, they would receive their next clue. In Busy, teams had to travel to a furniture store and deliver two chairs to a specified house. When the chairs are delivered in a right address could take a long time, the house owner would give teams a receipt. Teams then have to return to the shopkeeper and give him the receipt to get their clue. The Roadblock required one team member to eat an ostrich egg, cook a portion of it equal to two dozen chicken eggs and eat it to get their next clue.- Additional task - At the Z. Boskovic Air Charters, teams signed up for a charter flight to a mystery destination. The flights were at 8.00am, 8.45am and 9.30am. - After the Roadblock, Teams must do the zip line known as Flying Fox, over the gorge below to proceed the next pit stop, Lake Manyara.เลก 8 (ทานซาเนีย → เคนยา → สหรัฐอาหรับเอมิเรต)เลก 8 (ทานซาเนีย → เคนยา → สหรัฐอาหรับเอมิเรต). - Kilimanjaro (Kilimanjaro International Airport) to Nairobi, Kenya (Jomo Kenyatta International Airport) to Dubai, United Arab Emirates (Dubai International Airport) - Dubai (Burj al-Arab) (Unaired) - Dubai (Bur Dubai Abra Port) - near Dubai (Desert Oasis) The unaired Roadblock involved one team member to buying nuts in the market and delivering them to a ship. The Detour was Off Plane or Off Road. In Off Plane, teams had to travel to the Al Quwain Aero Club and tandem skydive with an instructor to a landing site in the Margham Dunes. When they had successfully landed in correct zone, they would get their next clue. In Off Road, teams had to travel directly to the Margham Dunes, where they must drive a marked 4x4 over a 6 mi. course to the desert and ending at the skydiving landing site. Teams could get stuck in the sand, forcing them to radio for help, which could take a long time.- Additional task - During the start of the leg, teams must signed up one of three designated times to a charter flight in Nairobi.เลก 9 (สหรัฐอาหรับเอมิเรต → อินเดีย)เลก 9 (สหรัฐอาหรับเอมิเรต → อินเดีย). - Dubai (Wild Wadi) - Dubai (Dubai International Airport) to Kolkata, West Bengal, India (Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose International Airport) - Kolkata (Sahid Minar) - Kolkata (Hindu Temple) (Unused) - Garia (Globe Brick Factory) - Garia to Kolkata (Sealdah Station) - Kolkata (Victoria Memorial) The Fast Forward instructed teams to travel to a temple and engage in head shaving, a traditional Hindu ritual. Once both team members were completely bald, they would win the Fast Forward clue. Brandon and Nicole considered using the Fast Forward, but when they discovered that they had to shave their heads to win the Fast Forward, they decided not to do it. This Fast Forward reappeared in season 7. For the Roadblock, one team member was required to use a traditional Indian mold to make 20 mud bricks. If they weren't filled in the correct way, they fell apart. Once the factory worker determined that they were all properly formed, they would receive their next clue. The Detour required a choice between Heavy but Short or Light but Long. In Heavy but Short, teams had to travel over to Landsdowne to transport a taxi a half-mile to a local garage. The taxis have no engines, so teams had to push the taxi in a short distance, where the owner will hand them their next clue. In Light but Long, teams had to travel to Kolkata's largest flower market to find a particular stall and receive a garland, which they must then release into the Ganges River for good luck to receive their next clue.- Additional task - Upon the opening of Wild Wadi, team members had to take turns riding a free waterfall slide.เลก 10 (อินเดีย → นิวซีแลนด์)เลก 10 (อินเดีย → นิวซีแลนด์). - Kolkata (Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose International Airport) to Auckland, New Zealand (Auckland Airport) - Rotorua, Waikato (Rotorua Museum) - Paengaroa (Matapara Farms) The Detour was Clean or Dirty. In Clean, teams had to drive to Okere Falls and perform an adventure sport called river sledging. With the help of the two guides, teams must complete course with only a small board, called a sledge for protection. In Dirty, teams had to travel ten miles (16&nbsp;km) to Hell's Gate and search for clues buried in a hot mud pit. In the Roadblock, one team member had to inflate a Zorb and ride it bouncing down to a hillside. It has a water inside to protect against scraping from plastic. At the bottom of the hill, the rider had to walk the Zorb a short distance to cross a finish line, then get out and join his/her teammate and run to the Pit Stop.เลก 11 (นิวซีแลนด์ → ฟิลิปปินส์)เลก 11 (นิวซีแลนด์ → ฟิลิปปินส์). - Auckland (Westhaven Marina) - Auckland (Auckland Airport) to Manila, Philippines (Ninoy Aquino International Airport) - Cavite (Malagueña Motors) - Victoria, Laguna (Field Behind Giant Duck) - Manila (Coconut Palace) In the Roadblock for this leg, one team member had travel to Auckland Harbour Bridge and climb 75 ft. ladder to the girders beneath the roadway. From there, he or she had to walk along the girders until they reached the clue on the other side. They were then lowered to a waiting boat below. The Detour was Plow or Fowl. In Plow, teams had to choose a marked field and use an ox-drawn plow to till the soil, until the plow caught on a buried rope attached to a hidden clue. In Fowl, teams had to work together and herd 1,000 ducks from one pen to another 50 หลา away.- Additional task - At Malagueña Motors in Cavite province, Teams must decorate a jeepney completely. When it's finished, Teams will get their next clue.เลก 12 (ฟิลิปปินส์)เลก 12 (ฟิลิปปินส์). - Manila (Rizal Park) - Manila (A Soriano Aviation) - Manila (Ninoy Aquino International Airport) to El Nido, Palawan (El Nido Airport) - El Nido (El Nido Pier) - El Nido (Island with Philippine flag) - El Nido (Giant clam) (Task shown but not indicated as a Detour) - El Nido (Lagen Wall) - El Nido (Lagen Island) In the one aired choice for the Detour, teams had to put on snorkel gear and search underwater for one of four giant clams containing their next clue. The Roadblock for this leg was for one team member to climb a 150 ft. rock wall using an ascender. Upon completing the ascent, he/she would get the next clue and rappel down back to his/her partner.- Additional tasks - At A. Sorano Aviation, teams caught one of two charter flights to El Nido at 10.45am or 11.30am. - Upon arriving at the islands located near El Nido, teams used binoculars and searched the shore of three islands for an island with the Philippine flag. If teams chose an incorrect island, they had to try again. When the correct flag was found, they got their next clue. - After the Roadblock, teams had to paddle themselves in a kayak to the pit stop on Lagen Island.เลก 13 (ฟิลิปปินส์ → แคนนาดา → สหรัฐอเมริกา)เลก 13 (ฟิลิปปินส์ → แคนนาดา → สหรัฐอเมริกา). - El Nido to Manila (Ninoy Aquino International Airport) to Calgary, Alberta, Canada (Calgary International Airport) - Banff (Shopping task, unaired) - Banff National Park (Outside Banff Springs Hotel) (Unaired) - Sunshine Village (Lookout Mountain-Continental Divide) - Calgary (Canada Olympic Park) - Calgary (Calgary International Airport) to Dallas, Texas, USA (Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport) - Fort Worth (Fort Worth Stockyards) - Dallas (Trammell Crow Park) (Finish Line) There was a final Roadblock of this race, which went unaired, that required one team member to build a teepee outside the Banff Springs Hotel. The final Detour was Slide or Ride. In Slide, teams had to complete the Olympic course on a two-man luge at speeds up to 40 miles per hour, needs to complete the course in 34 seconds or less. If they failed, they had to keep trying until they hit the target time. In Ride, teams had to use mountain bikes to complete the Olympic slalom course in three minutes or less. If they failed to finish in required time, they must keep trying to complete the time for receiving the clue.- Additional tasks - At the Shopping center, in an unaired task, teams had to pick an article of winter clothing (either jacket or gloves) for the rest of the leg. - At the Fort Worth Stockyards, teams had to go into the giant maze to find 4 wooden boxes with their names on it, each containing a picture of a place previously visited on the Race (for example, the Canada Olympic Park), using the four keys provided on their respective boards. Then they must take the picture, find their way out of the maze and place it on the board. They must repeat the process for the other two locations with pictures, one at a time, in numerical order. The fourth and last given key from the board will open a wooden box which contains another key that will unlock the glass box on the board, which contains their final clue. (The episode only showed teams finding for one box with the picture of the Canada Olympic Park instead and then find another box with the key to unlock the glass box immediately.)</doc>
