<doc id="195991" url="https://th.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=195991" title="ดิอะเมซิ่งเรซ 6">ดิอะเมซิ่งเรซ 6 ดิ อะเมซิ่ง เรซ 6 () เป็นฤดูกาลที่ 6 ของรายการ ดิ อะเมซิ่ง เรซ ซึ่งเป็นเกมโชว์ประเภทเรียลลิตี้โชว์ระดับรางวัลเอ็มมี 8 สมัยซ้อนทางโทรทัศน์ รายการนี้จะมีผู้เข้าแข่งขันเป็นทีมๆ ละ 2 คนซึ่งรู้จักกันมาก่อนแล้ว ทำการแข่งขันโดยเดินทางรอบโลก โดยทีมที่ชนะจะได้รับเงินรางวัล 1 ล้านดอลลาร์สหรัฐ โดยเกมส์โชว์ดังกล่าวเริ่มออกอากาศในสหรัฐอเมริกาทางสถานีโทรทัศน์ซีบีเอสผลการแข่งขัน ผลการแข่งขัน. ตารางแสดงชื่อ ความสัมพันธ์ของผู้แข่งขันในขณะถ่ายทำของแต่ละทีมพร้อมทั้งแสดงสถานะในการแข่งขัน ดังนี้ เรียงตามลำดับผู้เข้าเส้นชัยก่อน (ตารางนี้อาจไม่ได้แสดงข้อมูลที่ตรงกับข้อมูลที่ออกอากาศในโทรทัศน์เนื่องจากข้อมูลที่เพิ่มเข้ามาบางส่วน หรือข้อมูลที่ถูกนำออกไปบางส่วน) ดอนกับแมรี่ เจน เดิมมาถึงเป็นลำดับที่ 7 ในเลก 2 แต่ถูกทำโทษปรับเวลา 30 นาทีเนื่องจากทำผิดกฎเรื่องการใช้รถ โดยการปรับโทษครั้งนี้ไม่ได้ส่งผลต่อลำดับของพวกเขาแต่อย่างไร เฟรดดี้กับเคนดรา เดิมมาถึงเป็นลำดับที่ 6 แต่ถูกทำโทษ 30 นาทีเนี่องจากหยิบคำใบ้มามากกว่า 1 อันจึงทำให้ลำดับตกลงมาอยู่ที่ 8 เลนา ทำงานอุปสรรคแต่ไม่สำเร็จและด้วยเวลาที่ทำนานถึง 8 ชั่วโมง ทำให้พิธีกรมายังสถานที่ทำภารกิจและบอกว่าทีมของพวกเขาถูกคัดออกจากการแข่งขันเนื่องจากทุกทีมเข้าจุดพักไปหมดแล้ว ในเลกที่ 6 เป็นเลกแบบ Double Length (มีอุปสรรค 2 งานและทางแยก 2 งาน) ซึ่งการใช้ทางด่วนได้ใช้แค่การข้ามครึ่งหลังของเลกเท่านั้นและแบ่งการออกอากาศออกเป็น 2 ตอน เฮเดนกับแอร์รอน มาถึงเป็นลำดับที่ 3 แต่ไม่สามารถทำงานอุปสรรคได้สำเร็จจึงถูกปรับเป็นเวลา 4 ชั่วโมงทำให้ตกลงมาอยู่อันดับสุดท้ายและถูกคัดออกจากการแข่งขัน เลก 11 และ 12 ออกอากาศติดกันเป็น 2 ชั่วโมงสุดท้ายเครื่องหมายต่างๆในการแข่งขันชื่อตอนในการแข่งขัน ชื่อตอนในการแข่งขัน. ชื่อตอนในการแข่งขันมักมาจากคำพูดสำคัญ ๆ ของผู้เข้าแข่งขันในเลกนั้น ๆ1. "The Game's Afoot" - Gus 2. "I'm Not His Wife, He Doesn't Need to Scream At Me" - Meredith 3. "Counting Bears Is Not Rocket Science" - Don 4. "What If It Isn't Sanitary" - Kendra 5. "Quit Following Us" - Jonathan 6. "They Should Probably Have Some Counseling" - Kris 7. "Phil Is A Choo-Choo Charlie" (recap) - Kristy 8. "One of You, I'm Gonna Break in Half" - Freddy 9. "Tell My Mom I Love Her" - Adam 10. "Are There Instructions on Donkey Handling?" - Rebecca 11. "It Always Comes Down to Details" - Kris 12. "You Deal With This Before I Hyperventilate" - Hayden 13. "4 Continents, 24 Cities, 40,000 Miles" - Phil Keoghanรางวัล รางวัล. ในบางเลก ทางรายการจะมีรางวัลพิเศษให้กับทีมที่มาถึงจุดพักเป็นทีมแรก สำหรับรางวัลที่เป็นแพ็กเกจทัวร์ทั้งหมดสนับสนุนโดย- Leg 1 - A trip to Hawaii, compliments of American Airlines' website, AA.com. - Leg 2 - A seven-night cruise in Alaska, courtesy of Royal Caribbean International. - Leg 3 - A seven night cruise vacation to the Mexican Riviera provided by Royal Caribbean International. - Leg 4 - A seven-night cruise vacation to the Western Caribbean provided by Royal Caribbean International. - Leg 5 - A trip to Mexico, compliments of American Airlines website, AA.com. - Leg 6 - A vacation to Europe, compliments of American Airlines website, AA.com. - Leg 7 - A trip to the Caribbean, compliments of American Airlines' website, AA.com. - Leg 8 - A vacation to the Mexico, compliments of American Airlines' website, AA.com. - Leg 9 - A vacation to Europe, compliments of American Airlines' website, AA.com. - Leg 10 - A vacation to Hawaii, compliments of American Airlines' website, AA.com. - Leg 11 - A trip to the Caribbean, compliments of American Airlines' website, AA.com. - Leg 12 - $1,000,000สถานที่ในการแข่งขันเลก 1 (สหรัฐอเมริกา → ไอซ์แลนด์)สถานที่ในการแข่งขัน. เลก 1 (สหรัฐอเมริกา → ไอซ์แลนด์). - Chicago, Illinois, USA (Buckingham Fountain) (Starting Line) - Chicago, Illinois (O'Hare International Airport) to Keflavík, Iceland (Keflavík International Airport) - Seljalandsfoss waterfall - Vatnajökull (Overnight rest) - Jökulsárlón (Glacier Ice Beach) - Grindavík (Blue Lagoon) The first Detour of this season was Ice Climb or Ice Search. In Ice Climb, teams traveled to a bay and used special gear to trek across the glacier and climb the face of a steep ice wall. In Ice Search, teams had travel to a short distance and find a glacial lagoon, then choose a boat and a driver and search the lagoon among thousands of icebergs for a buoy containing their next clue.- Additional task - In Vatnajökull, teams signed up for a shuttle to Glacier's Edge for their next clue. Upon arriving at Glacier's Edge, teams chose a marked snowmobile and drove two and a half miles across the glacier to a camp. Once there, teams had to search a tent for shuttle departure times for the next morning.เลก 2 (ไอซ์แลนด์ → นอร์เวย์)เลก 2 (ไอซ์แลนด์ → นอร์เวย์). - Keflavík (Keflavík International Airport) to Oslo, Norway (Oslo Airport, Gardermoen) - Holmenkollen district, Oslo (Holmenkollen ski jump) - Brandbu (Viking Village) (Overnight Rest) - Hønefoss (Train Station) to Voss (Train Station) - Voss (Bridge) - Voss (Nesheimstunet Farm) The Roadblock required one team member to climb to the top of Holmenkollen Ski Jump, then ride a zipline to the bottom in order to receive their next clue. The Detour required teams to choose between Endurance or Accuracy. In Endurance, teams had to roller ski downhill on a 1.75 ไมล์ course. In Accuracy, teams had to successfully complete three games traditionally played by the Vikings. First, they had to throw sticks to knock over a circle of eight logs called kubbs before knocking over the king in the center. After knocking over the king, one team member had to throw an axe into a tree trunk target and make it stick. Once the axe stuck, the other team member had to shoot an arrow into a target away to get their next clue.- Additional task - At the Viking Village, teams split themselves into two groups of five teams and rowed across a fjord to their next clue.เลก 3 (นอร์เวย์ → สวีเดน)เลก 3 (นอร์เวย์ → สวีเดน). - Voss (Train Station) to Oslo (Oslo Central Station) - Oslo (Oslo Central Station) to Stockholm, Sweden (Bus Station) - Stockholm (Nordic Sea Hotel) - Stockholm (World's Largest IKEA) - Stockholm (Stockholm Central Station) to , Sollentuna Municipality (Häggvik Station) - Upplands Väsby (Bögs Gård Farm) - Häggvik (Häggvik Station) to Stockholm (Stockholm Central Station) - Stockholm (af Chapman) The Detour for Leg 3 was a choice between Count It or Build It. In Count It, teams had to count the number of pots, pans, and stuffed animals in three large bins. If they gave the correct number (2,304) to the supervisor, he would give them their clue; otherwise, they had to count again. In Build It, teams had to assemble a desk using all of the provided parts. If they made a mistake, they had to fix it or start the construction over. Once the desk was assembled, the supervisor would give them their next clue. In this leg's Roadblock, one team member had to unroll bales of hay to find their next clue hidden inside. Out of a field of 270 bales, 20 had clues. This Roadblock reappeared in Season 15 in a new twist called the Switchback.- Additional tasks - At the Nordic Sea Hotel, teams had to enter the nightclub made entirely of ice. Once inside, they had to slide a shot glass along the bar to hit a target. Only one member of the team would have to hit the target. If they missed, they would have to go to the end of the line and try again. - Before the Roadblock, teams had to ride two miles to the farm from the train station on a tandem bicycle. After the Roadblock, they had to ride back.เลก 4 (สวีเดน → เซเนกัล)เลก 4 (สวีเดน → เซเนกัล). - Stockholm (Town Hall Tower) - Stockholm (Arlanda International Airport) to Dakar, Senegal (Dakar-Yoff-Léopold Sédar Senghor International Airport) - Dakar (Bel Aire Cemetery) - Kayar (Vieux Ngom Carpenter Shop) - Lac Rose (Salt Mounds) - Goree Island The Detour was a choice between Stack 'Em Up or Pull 'Em Up. In Stack 'Em Up, teams had to walk through a fish-stacking area and carry enough baskets of fish to properly cover a drying table. Once they stacked the fish properly, the fisherwoman would hand them their next clue. In Pull 'Em Up, teams traveled out on fishing boats and used traditional fishing gear to catch four fish. Once they caught the four fish, they had to bring a them to a bounty man onshore, who would give them their next clue. In the Roadblock, one team member to use the traditional tools provided to harvest enough salt from the bed of Lac Rose to fill a 25 แกลลอน basket. Once the basket was completely filled, a supervisor would hand them their next clue.- Additional task - At Bel Aire Cemetery, teams went to the grave of former Senegalese President Léopold Sédar Senghor, where their next clue was located.เลก 5 (เซเนกัล → เยอรมนี)เลก 5 (เซเนกัล → เยอรมนี). - Goree Island (Slave House) - Dakar (Dakar-Yoff-Léopold Sédar Senghor International Airport) to Berlin, Germany (Tegel International Airport) - Berlin (East Side Gallery) - Berlin (Broken Chain Sculpture) - Berlin (Teufelsberg) - Berlin (Brandenburg Gate) Teams chose between Beer or Brats in this leg's Detour. In Beer, teams traveled to the Brauhaus Spandau bar. Once there, each team member had to search the tables at the crowded bar for five coasters bearing his or her face and name. They then had to trade two full steins of beer to the patron in exchange for each coaster. Once both team members collected all five of each coaster, they would receive their next clue. In Brats, teams travelled to Zitadelle. Once there, they had to use a hand-operated sausage maker to create one rope of five 7 นิ้ว bratwursts in order to receive their next clue. In the Roadblock, one team member had to climb at the top of Devil's Mountain (Teufelsberg) and complete a soap box derby course in 37 seconds or less.- Additional task - Teams had to enter the Slave House and place a single rose on the threshold of the historic archway as a tribute to African slavery.เลก 6 (เยอรมนี → ฮังการี)เลก 6 (เยอรมนี → ฮังการี). - Berlin (Checkpoint Charlie) - Berlin (Olympic Stadium) - Berlin (Tegel International Airport) to Budapest, Hungary (Budapest Ferihegy International Airport) - Eger (Eger Castle) - Eger (Railway Station) to Budapest (Keleti Railway Station) - Budapest (Net Klub Internet Kafé) - Budapest (Heritage Rail Museum) (Leg Midpoint) - Budapest (Buda Castle) - Budapest () - Budapest (Gundel Restaurant) - Budapest (Fisherman's Bastion) The first of two Fast Forwards in the race required teams to descended through a cavernous labyrinth and partake in the legend of vampires by drinking a goblet of pig's blood, recalling when Transylvania was part of Hungary. When they finished drinking, they would win the Fast Forward. In the this leg's first Roadblock, one team member was strapped into a "hot rocket bungee" and launched in the air. After returning to the ground, the jump master handed them their next clue. In the first Detour, teams chose between Catapult Crash and Cannonball Run. In Catapult Crash, teams had to use a catapult to hurl a watermelon 150 ฟุต into a wooden target to retrieve the clue hidden within. In Cannonball Run, teams had to push a cannon up a hill to Eger Castle's courtyard, then carry and stack 55 4 ปอนด์ cannonballs in a pyramid next to the cannon. The second Detour was a choice between Swim or Paddle. In Swim, teams made their way to an Olympic-sized swimming pool and participated in a water polo game. Working together, each pair had to score a goal against a top Hungarian water polo player. In Paddle, teams inflated a raft with a hand pump and paddled the raft across the Danube River to a flag on the other side. When the flag was found, they would receive their next clue. In the second Roadblock for this leg, one team member had to eat a 24 ounce bowl of a very spicy soup with traditional Hungarian spices. Once the team member finished eating, the team would get their next clue.- Additional task - At Net Klub Internet Kafé, teams logged onto their AOL accounts and received a clue via e-mail.เลก 7 (ฮังการี → ฝรั่งเศส)เลก 7 (ฮังการี → ฝรั่งเศส). - Budapest (Promontor Borudvar) - Budapest (Budapest Ferihegy International Airport) to Ajaccio, Corsica , France (Ajaccio - Campo dell'Oro Airport) - Ajaccio (Napoleon's Birthplace) - Ajaccio (Harbor) - Calvi (Camp Rafalli) - Zilia (Winery) - L'Île-Rousse (La Pietra) In the second Fast Forward of the race, the team had to locate a harbor in Corsica, and dress in old-style diving suits weighing more than each. Both team members had to walk across the ocean floor to a lobster trap and retrieve their next clue to win the Fast Forward. In this leg's Detour, teams chose between Climb Up or Fly Behind. In Climb Up, teams had to use a mechanical ascender to climb a 45 ฟุต rock wall. Once at the top, they had to find the terrace, where a French legionnaire would give them a medal. After receiving the medal, the teams had to rappel down to receive their next clue. In Fly Behind, teams had to choose a Zodiac boat. One teammate had to ride behind on an inflatable raft while the other rode inside the Zodiac and directed the driver to search among 25 buoys for one with a clue attached. Only 12 contained a clue. In the Roadblock, a team member had to stomp of grapes with their feet. After squeezing out enough juice to fill five wine bottles, the team member had to drink a glass of their wine.- Additional task - At Ajaccio, teams had to find the room where Napoleon was born, where their next clue was located.เลก 8 (ฝรั่งเศส → เอธิโอเปีย)เลก 8 (ฝรั่งเศส → เอธิโอเปีย). - Calvi to Nice (Ferry Terminal) - Nice (City Garden) - Nice (Côte d'Azur International Airport) to Addis Ababa, Ethiopia (Bole International Airport) - Addis Ababa (Bole International Airport) to Lalibela (Lalibela Airport) - Lalibela (Lewz Village) - Lalibela (St. George's Church) - Lalibela (Lookout) The Detour in Leg 8 was a choice between Raise the Roof or Mud the Hut. In Raise the Roof, teams would choose a roof and join with locals to carry the roof two-thirds of a mile (1,100 m) and place it on top of a house in order to receive their next clue. In Mud the Hut, teams had to use a plaster made of dirt, water, and straw to cover an entire wall of a traditional Ethiopian house. The Roadblock required one team member to enter the 850-year-old church and receive a pendant from the head priest. The team member then had to search among hundreds of worshipers standing outside for a person with a matching pendant. When they found a match, the worshiper would hand them their next clue.- Additional tasks- At Bole International Airport, teams signed up for one of two scheduled charter flights to Lalibela. - Before the Roadblock, teams had to deliver two donkeys to St. George's Church.เลก 9 (เอธิโอเปีย → ศรีลังกา)เลก 9 (เอธิโอเปีย → ศรีลังกา). - Lalibela (Lalibela Airport) to Addis Ababa (Bole International Airport) - Addis Ababa (Addis Ababa Stadium) - Addis Ababa (Bole International Airport) to Colombo, Sri Lanka (Bandaranaike International Airport) - Colombo (Fort Railway Station) to Galle (Galle Railway Station) - Galle (Fort Galle) - Galle (Bus Station) to Kandy - Kandy (Kandyan Art Association) - Kandy (Temple of the Tooth) - Kandy (Bus Station) to Dambulla (Bus Station) - Sigiriya (Lion Rock) - Sigiriya (Hotel Sigiriya) For this leg's Detour, teams had to choose between Tree Trunks and Elephant Trunks. In Tree Trunks, Teams had to make their way 2 ไมล์ by tuk-tuk to a coconut plantation. Once there, they had climb to the top of a tree and take down enough coconuts to empty their contents in order to fill a jug. In Elephant Trunks, teams had to make their way by tuk-tuk to an elephant polo field. Each team member had to ride an elephant down the length of the field and score a goal in order to receive their next clue. For the Roadblock, one team member had to ascend 1,000 steps to the top of Lion Rock. Using binoculars to scan the jungle from a vantage point above the ground, they had to search for a flag, then descend Lion Rock with their partner and proceed to the flag.- Additional tasks- At Addis Ababa Stadium, teams had to choose a pair of Ethiopian runners and complete a four-man relay on the stadium. When completed, the track master would give them their next clue. - At the Kandyan Art Association, teams had to purchase a bowl of rice and take it to the Temple of the Tooth, where a monk would give teams the next clue. - At the Hotel Sigiriya, teams had to swim across a pool to the Pit Stop.เลก 10 (ศรีลังกา → สาธารณรัฐประชาชนจีน)เลก 10 (ศรีลังกา → สาธารณรัฐประชาชนจีน). - Colombo (Bandaranaike International Airport) to Shanghai, People's Republic of China (Pudong International Airport) - Shanghai (Yu Yuan Gardens) - Shanghai (Huaneng Union Tower) (HuaXia Bank Tower) - Huangpu District, Shanghai (People's Heroes Monument) - Shanghai (Jiangpu Road) - Shanghai (Peace Hotel South) The Roadblock required one team member to wash a window on the exterior of the HuaXia Bank Tower, 40 stories above the ground. Washing the window would reveal a hidden message; once they understood the message, they had to lower themselves to the ground and report it to the supervisor, who would hand them their next clue if correct. The Detour had teams choose between Bricks or Ice. In Bricks, teams had to use a traditional device to transport 300 clay bricks off a barge while balancing on a narrow wood plank. From there, they had to stack the bricks on a wooden pallet to receive their clue. In Ice, teams had to load two 220 ปอนด์ blocks of ice onto the back of flatbed tricycles and deliver them to a fish market four blocks away. Once there, they would have to break them into smaller pieces and place them into a tub to receive the next clue.- Additional task - At People's Heroes Monument, teams had to find Tai Chi performers. One of the four masters would hand them their next clue.เลก 11 (สาธารณรัฐประชาชนจีน)เลก 11 (สาธารณรัฐประชาชนจีน). - Shanghai (Shanghai Railway Station) to Xi'an, Shaanxi (Train Station) - Xi'an (Drum Tower) - Xi'an (Terra Cotta Warriors Museum) - Mount Hua (North Peak) - Xi'an (Xi'an City Wall) The Detour on this leg was Spray or Scroll. In Spray teams traveled to a car factory, don uniforms, and use spray paint to paint the shell of a Chinese-made car. In Scroll, teams had traveled to a textile factory and searched through 10 bolts of fabric with a light table to find two Chinese characters stamped within two of the 10 bolts. They then had to cut the characters to trade for their next clue. The Roadblock required one team member to use a key given them in the clue envelope and search 3,000 locks for the one padlock that that key would open. Teams were required to complete the task before the last gondola's departure at 7:00pm.เลก 12 (สาธารณรัฐประชาชนจีน → สหรัฐอเมริกา)เลก 12 (สาธารณรัฐประชาชนจีน → สหรัฐอเมริกา). - Xi'an (Xi'an Xianyang International Airport) to Honolulu, Hawaii, USA (Honolulu International Airport) - Honolulu (Puu Ualakaa State Park) - Honolulu (Kamaka Air) - Honolulu (Kaneohe Bay) - Honolulu (Honolulu International Airport) to Chicago, Illinois (O'Hare International Airport) - Chicago (Chicago Water Tower) - Chicago (Gino's East) - Chicago (Ping Tom Memorial Park) (Finish Line) The Detour on this leg was Outfits or Outriggers. In Outfits, teams traveled to a tropical clothing distributor and searched racks filled with 135,000 articles of clothing for those matching the outfit of a mannequin in order to receive their next clue. In Outriggers, teams had to drive to a canoe club and, with the help of a steering person, paddle an outrigger canoe down a course more than long. The Roadblock required one team member to tandem skydive into a sandbar in the middle of Kaneohe Bay, where their next clue is waited.- Additional task - At Gino's East Pizzeria, both team members had to eat two slices of a deep dish pizza to receive their final clue.</doc>
