<doc id="195995" url="https://th.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=195995" title="ดิอะเมซิ่งเรซ 7">ดิอะเมซิ่งเรซ 7 ดิ อะเมซิ่ง เรซ 7 () เป็นฤดูกาลที่ 7 ของรายการ ดิ อะเมซิ่ง เรซ ซึ่งเป็นเกมโชว์ประเภทเรียลลิตี้โชว์ระดับรางวัลเอ็มมี 8 สมัยซ้อนทางโทรทัศน์ รายการนี้จะมีผู้เข้าแข่งขันเป็นทีมๆ ละ 2 คนซึ่งรู้จักกันมาก่อนแล้ว ทำการแข่งขันโดยเดินทางรอบโลก โดยทีมที่ชนะจะได้รับเงินรางวัล 1 ล้านดอลลาร์สหรัฐ โดยเกมส์โชว์ดังกล่าวเริ่มออกอากาศในสหรัฐอเมริกาทางสถานีโทรทัศน์ซีบีเอสผลการแข่งขัน ผลการแข่งขัน. ตารางแสดงชื่อ ความสัมพันธ์ของผู้แข่งขันในขณะถ่ายทำของแต่ละทีมพร้อมทั้งแสดงสถานะในการแข่งขัน ดังนี้ เรียงตามลำดับผู้เข้าเส้นชัยก่อน (ตารางนี้อาจไม่ได้แสดงข้อมูลที่ตรงกับข้อมูลที่ออกอากาศในโทรทัศน์เนื่องจากข้อมูลที่เพิ่มเข้ามาบางส่วน หรือข้อมูลที่ถูกนำออกไปบางส่วน)เครื่องหมายต่างๆในการแข่งขันชื่อตอนในการแข่งขัน ชื่อตอนในการแข่งขัน. ชื่อตอนในการแข่งขันมักมาจากคำพูดสำคัญ ๆ ของผู้เข้าแข่งขันในเลกนั้น ๆ1. "Courteous? This is a Race!" - Megan 2. "The Whole Country Hates Me" - Lynn 3. "Do You Need Some Mouth-to-Mouth Resuscitation?" - Gretchen 4. "What A Gaucho You Are!" - Gretchen 5. "I've Been Wanting A Face-Lift for A Long Time" - Gretchen 6. "Houston, We Have An Elephant" - Uchenna 7. "They Saved The Eyeball" (recap) - Gretchen 8. "Mow 'Em Down, Like Grass "- Ron 9. "We Have A Bad Elephant - Gretchen 10. "We Got a Gnome! We Got a Gnome!" - Joyce 11. "The Devil Made Me Do It" - Kelly 12. "Five Continents, 25 Cities, And More Than 40,000 Miles" - Phil Keoghanรางวัล รางวัล. ในบางเลก ทางรายการจะมีรางวัลพิเศษให้กับทีมที่มาถึงจุดพักเป็นทีมแรก สำหรับรางวัลที่เป็นแพ็กเกจทัวร์ทั้งหมดสนับสนุนโดย- Leg 1 - $10,000 cash for each racer. - Leg 2 - A trip to Atlantis Paradise Island, Bahamas courtesy of Travelocity. - Leg 4 - A trip to London courtesy of Travelocity. - Leg 5 - Two Toyota RAV4 vehicles. - Leg 7 - A trip to Monaco courtesy of Travelocity. - Leg 9 - $20,000 shopping spree on Travelocity.com and a four-star hotel room stay for the Pit Stop. Awarded to Ron & Kelly, who won a special gnome searching challenge. The prize was awarded to the team that had an airplane on the bottom of their gnome, regardless of them placing first or not. Ironically, Ron & Kelly who received the prize, came last and were stripped of all their cash and their belongings. - Leg 10 - A JVC home entertainment system for each racer. - Leg 12 - $1,000,000สถานที่ในการแข่งขันเลก 1 (สหรัฐอเมริกา → เปรู)สถานที่ในการแข่งขัน. เลก 1 (สหรัฐอเมริกา → เปรู). - Long Beach, California, USA (Queen Mary Museum Ship) (Starting Point) - Los Angeles (Los Angeles International Airport) to Callao, Peru (Jorge Chavez International Airport) - Lima (Plaza de Armas) - Ancón (Playa Hermosa) (Overnight Rest) - Callao (Jorge Chavez International Airport) to Cuzco (Alejandro Velasco Astete International Airport) - Huambutio (Virgen del Carmen Kiosk) - Huambutio (Gorge) - Huambutio (Police Station) - Písac (Marketplace) - Cuzco (Convento de La Merced) For the first Detour of the race, teams choose between Rope a Llama or Rope a Basket. In Rope a Llama, teams had to lead llamas to a pen not far off, once they had two llamas in their pen, the herder would give them their next clue. In Rope a Basket, teams had to put on hats and capes, tie and carry a basket of alfalfa weighing two-thirds of a mile to the store called Tienda Victoria Valdivia, once there teams would receive their next clue.- Additional tasks- At the Playa Hermosa in Ancon, Teams must search sand piles for one of three different times for flight tickets to their next destination. - At the Gorge in Huambutio, Teams had to take a zip line across the gorge, then take another zip line to the bottom.เลก 2 (เปรู → ชิลี)เลก 2 (เปรู → ชิลี). - Cuzco (Terminal Terrestre Cusco) to Arequipa (Terminal Terrestre Arequipa)- Arequipa (Sindicato Unico de Lustradores de Calzado - Shoe Shine Union) - Arequipa (Rodriguez Ballon International Airport) to Santiago, Chile (Comodoro Arturo Merino Benítez International Airport) - Santiago (Cerro San Cristóbal - Virgin Mary statue) - Santiago (Cerro Santa Lucía - Neptune fountain) In this Roadblock, that team member had to shine five pairs of shoes on the street for a payment of one PEN per pair, when five were collected, they would return back to the Shop to receive their next clue in exchange for the five sol's. In this Detour, teams choose between Shop or Schlep. In Shop, teams went to Mercado Central (and nearby Mercado Vega Chica) and find the Donde Augusto restaurant where the chef gave them a shopping list. Teams had to buy the five ingredients on the shopping list for the chef. When they have gotten the proper amount of each item for the chef, the chef would hand them their next clue. In Schlep, teams went to Libreria Chilena, received a cart and had to deliver 180 books to Biblioteca del Congreso Nacional from a bookstore. When all 180 books have been delivered and placed on a shelf, teams would be handed their next clue.เลก 3 (ชิลี → อาร์เจนตินา)เลก 3 (ชิลี → อาร์เจนตินา). - Santiago (Paseo Bulnes) - Mendoza, Argentina (Puente Viejo, "old bridge") (Unused) - Mendoza (Camping Suizo) - Mendoza (Estancia San Isidro) In this Detour, teams choose between Pedal or Paddle. In Paddle, teams had to white water raft down the river. When completed, teams would find their next clue. In Pedal, teams had to pedal a bike down a railroad track, once they reached the end, teams would find their next clue. In this Roadblock, one team member had to eat four pounds of a traditional Argentinian feast containing cow rib, pork sausage, blood sausage, cow intestine, cow udder, cow kidney and part of a cow's saliva gland. When they finished eating, teams would receive their next clue.เลก 4 (อาร์เจนตินา)เลก 4 (อาร์เจนตินา). - Lunlunta (Cabaña La Guatana Gaucho ranch) - Mendoza City (Gabrielli Airport) to Buenos Aires (Jorge Newberry Airport) - Buenos Aires (Plaza de la Fuerza Aerea - English Clock Tower) - Buenos Aires (Estación Retiro) to Tigre, Buenos Aires Province (Estación Tigre) - Tigre (docks) - Vicente Casares (La Martina Polo Ranch) In this Roadblock, that team member had to go through a traditional gaucho challenge. The team member must ride a horse consisting of barrel racing and then using a stick, spearing a ring at the end of the course in less than 40 seconds. Once successful, teams would receive their next clue. In this Detour, teams choose between Shipwreck or Island. In Shipwreck, teams had to find within a seven square mile area an abandoned ship with only a 30 year old picture as a reference to receive their next clue. In Island, teams had to use a map to travel to San Antonio River and find an island to find their next clue.เลก 5 (อาร์เจตินา → แอฟริกาใต้)เลก 5 (อาร์เจตินา → แอฟริกาใต้). - Buenos Aires (Ministro Pistarini International Airport) to Johannesburg, South Africa (Johannesburg International Airport) Soweto (Orlando Power Station) - Soweto (Baragwanath Market) - Soweto (Orlando Children's Home) - Soweto (Ngakane Street - Soweto Overlook) In this Fast Forward, teams went to the Orlando Cooling Station and then walked across a suspension bridge above the ground, once crossed, that team would win the Fast Forward. In this Detour, teams choose between Tunnels or Tribes. In Tribes, teams went to Lesedi Cultural Village where the tribes (Basotho, Ndebele, Pedi, Xhosa and Zulu) were represented. Once there, teams had to deliver five items to their respective tribes. Only five of which was the correct item to the corresponding tribe, it was exchanged for a necklace. When they got all five necklaces, they exchanged them for their next clue. In Tunnels, teams went to Wild Caves where teams took to the underground, rappeling down into a cave below and traveled through the dark cave where they had to search for their next clue. In this Roadblock, one team member had to search a marketplace and find the vendors for five items that were later to be delivered to a local children's orphanage to earn their next clue.เลก 6 (แอฟริกาใต้ → บอตสวานา)เลก 6 (แอฟริกาใต้ → บอตสวานา). - Krugersdorp (Rhino & Lion Game Reserve) - Johannesburg (Johannesburg International Airport) to Gaborone, Botswana (Sir Seretse Khama International Airport) - Gaborone (Botswana Railway Gaborone) to Francistown - Francistown to Gweta - Gweta (Giant Aardvark) - Xau Xarra (Cattle Post) - Makgadikgadi Pans  In this Roadblock, that team member had to do a traditional bushmen hunting activity (throwing a spear into a swinging bag) 20 ft. to hit a moving target, once the target has been hit, teams would receive their next clue. In this Detour, teams choose between Food or Water. In Food, teams used a device called Kika to pound corn until it was mashed, then transferred to a basket, once it reached the specified line, the woman supervising them would hand them their next clue. In Water, teams had to fill 12 ostrich eggs with water from an underground spring using a reed straw, once completed, they had to bury them to the ground before receiving their next clue.- Additional task - At the Rhino and Lion Game Reserve, teams must signed one of two departure times for the opening of Game Reserve. Then, teams must feed their lions with their meaty breakfast. When completed teams would receive their next clue.เลก 7 (บอตสวานา)เลก 7 (บอตสวานา). - Sankuyo Village (Sankuyo Water Tower) via Maun - Khwai (Khwai River) - Khwai (Khwai River Lodge) In this Detour, teams choose between Carry It or Milk It. In Carry It, teams had to transport 3 items 75 หลา away on their heads, when teams finished, they would be handed their next clue. In Milk It, teams had to milk goats, enough to fill a 10 ounce cup to a marked line. In this Roadblock, the team member must drive across a crocodile infested river to marked paths, then they must remove the post and remove two logs in their path that has been knocked down by elephants, at the end of their path, teams would find their next clue.เลก 8 (บอตสวานา → อินเดีย)เลก 8 (บอตสวานา → อินเดีย). - Khwai (Khwai River Airport) to Francistown (Francistown Airport) to Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh, India (Amausi International Airport) - Lucknow (Bara Imambara) - Lucknow (Kohinoor Steel Emporium) (Unused) - Lucknow (Indane Bhushan Gas Service, Aishbagh) - Lucknow (Rooftop of Charbaugh Multistory Flats) (Leg midpoint; teams are told this is not the Pit Stop and must continue.) - Lucknow (Charbagh Railway Station) to Jodhpur, Rajasthan (Jodhpur Railway Station) (Overnight Rest) - Jodhpur (Sardar Market) (Kailashoham Gaure Shwar Mahadev Mandir, Kaylana Lake) - Jodhpur (Deora Krishi Farm) - Jodhpur (Jaswant Thada) In the first Roadblock, that team member had to search among 600 metal boxes in order to find their next clue. In the first Detour, teams choose between Solid or Liquid. In Solid, teams traveled to a coal depot and had to chop up to of coal, load it into the flatbed tricycles and then delivering it to K.K. Jaiswal Charcoal Merchants, once delivered, teams would receive their next clue. In Liquid, teams traveled to the Sharma Tea Corner, got a tea cart and searched a 3-story office building for five pre-designated people which were on a list the teams had and had to give them a cup of tea and got a business card in exchange. When they received all five, teams returned the carts to the tea shop, delivered the cards to the owner who would give them their next clue. In the second part of the leg, there was a Fast Forward. For this Fast Forward, teams did a traditional Hindu ritual: To shave their heads bald, once all hair on that team's heads have been removed, they would win the Fast Forward. It was a repeating of the Fast Forward from the India leg of Season 5. In the second Detour, teams choose between Trunk or Dunk. In Trunk, teams had to travel to Jodhpur's old city and cart a 600 ปอนด์ elephant (in Khanna Niwas) through the streets of Jodhpur, when they reached the Shri Kunj Bihari Temple, the temple priest will hand them their next clue. In Dunk, teams made their way to a dying house (in Panna Niwas) and had to dye 25 sheets of fabric in a basket until they found the one with their next clue on it. In the second Roadblock, that team member had to complete two laps in a cart driven by a camel, once completed, teams would receive their next clue.เลก 9 (อินเดีย → ตรูกี)เลก 9 (อินเดีย → ตรูกี). - Jodhpur (Jodhpur Airport) to Istanbul, Turkey (Atatürk International Airport) - Istanbul (Hafif Metro) to Kız Kulesi - Istanbul (Kız Kulesi) - Istanbul (Galata Kulesi) - Istanbul (Rumeli Hisari) - Istanbul (Rumeli Hisarı, Lookout) In this Detour, teams choose between Columns or Kilos. In Columns, teams traveled to Birbindirek Cistern, once there, they must enter to find four columns on a grid and then using a map with coordinates, they received numbers found on the columns. Once they find all four, teams used the numbers to unlock a padlocked box which contained their next clue. In Kilos, teams traveled to the Yeni Cami, a square at the Yeni Mosque, located at the old Jewish quarter of Eminönü. Teams must find a man with a box of scales then had to select one. Teams then had to weigh enough people on the street until they reached a total of 2,500 kilos, once reached, teams must return their scale and show their weights to the man who would give them their next clue. In this Roadblock, that team member had to climb a ladder up the side of Halil Pasa Kulesi. Once at the top, team members then climbed to the top of a tower, retrieve a key then rappelled down the side of Sarlica Pasa Kulesi. Once at the bottom, that team member then used the key to open the book which contained their next clue to the Pit Stop. Once read, the guard opened the gate to allow the other team member to enter the castle.- Additional task - At the Kız Kulesi, Teams must find one of four Travelocity Roaming Gnomes at the tower, each one has a marking on the bottom of gnome. They must keep the Gnome until they reached the Pit Stop. Teams do not know that the team carrying the Gnome with a plane marking on the bottom would receive a prize.เลก 10 (ตรูกี → สหราชอาณาจักร)เลก 10 (ตรูกี → สหราชอาณาจักร). - Istanbul (Sirkeci Train Station) - Istanbul (Atatürk International Airport) to London, England (Heathrow International Airport) - Westminster, London (Abbey Road) - Lambeth, London (London Eye) - Lambeth, London (London Marriott Hotel County Hall) - Greenwich, London (Millennium Dome - North Greenwich Coach Park) - Southwark, London (Potters Fields Park) In this Detour, teams choose between Brains or Brawn. In Brains, teams made their way to the London Underground and solved a series of three riddles. First, teams had to find the left luggage in Waterloo station for their first item. Second, they had to find the three naked men statue in Hammersmith tube station and find the second item. Third, they had to find and make their way to the Baker Street tube station named for London's most famous detective, Sherlock Holmes and find the statue outside to receive the third item. Once finished, teams took the mystery items that would eventually lead the teams to 221B Baker Street, the home of Sherlock Holmes Museum and to find the detective nearby, who would hand them their next clue in exchange for the items. In Brawn, teams had to make their way to Battersea Park where teams had to transport five boats from a lake to the storage area 500 หลา away, when completed, teams would be handed their next clue. In this Roadblock, that team member had to drive a Double Decker bus through a marked course without hitting any cones. If they hit a cone, the bus driver would reset the bus back to the beginning of the course and had to start again. At the end of the course, the team member had to park the bus in the designated parking area to receive their next clue.- Additional tasks - At Sirkeci Train Station, teams had to walk through a group of whirling dervishes to find their next clue. - At the London Eye, teams must scan the city to try to find a Race flag attached to the London Marriott Hotel County Hall where their next clue is located.เลก 11 (สหราชอาณาจักร → จาไมก้า)เลก 11 (สหราชอาณาจักร → จาไมก้า). - London (Heathrow International Airport) to Kingston, Jamaica (Norman Manley International Airport) - Port Antonio (Frenchman's Cove) (Overnight Rest) - Port Antonio (Grant's Level High) - Montego Bay (Round Hill) In this Roadblock, that team member did the limbo to earn their departure time from Frenchman's Cove; the lower they could do it, the earlier teams would depart the next morning, after eight attempts at the limbo, teams would receive their next clue instructing them to spend the night and then depart at the time they earned doing the limbo. In this Detour, teams choose between Raft It or Build It. In Raft It teams traveled up the Rio Grande on Bamboo rafts with only a pole to steer, once at the end, teams would find their next clue. In Build It, teams had to build bamboo rafts using the tools provided. When the raft was deemed completed by their supervisor, teams then sailed across the river to find their next clue on top of a hill, then had to sail them back across the river.เลก 12 (จาไมก้า → เปอร์โตริโก → สหรัฐอเมริกา)เลก 12 (จาไมก้า → เปอร์โตริโก → สหรัฐอเมริกา). - Lucea (Cool Breeze House Onion Shack) - Lucea (3 Dives Jerk Shack) - Montego Bay (Rose Hall) - Montego Bay (Sangster International Airport) to San Juan, Puerto Rico , USA (Luis Muñoz Marín International Airport) - San Juan (Castillo de San Felipe del Morro Fort) - Aguadilla (Abandoned Sugar Factory) - San Juan (Luis Muñoz Marín International Airport) to Miami, Florida (Miami International Airport) - Miami (Rickenbacker Causeway) - Miami (Little Havana - El Rey de los Habanos) - Fort Lauderdale (Bonnet House) (Finish Line) In this Detour, teams choose between Pony Up or Tee It Up. In Pony Up, teams had to ride a horse into the ocean then hang onto its tail as it goes around buoys, when the horse has finished its course, teams would receive their next clue. In Tee It Up, teams had to dress in proper golfing attire, then went out to the driving range and had to hit a golfball into a area away. When one of the team members' puts a ball on the green, teams would receive their next clue. In the final Roadblock of the race, that team member had to dive off a bridge then swim 90 หลา to a buoy, where they would find their next clue. After obtaining the clue, they went to the waiting boats that returned them to shore.- Additional task - At the Onion Shack, teams picked up a sack of fifty onions, then traveled to Three Dives Jerk Shack to chop the 50 onions, when it was to the satisfaction of the owner, the owner would hand them their next clue. - At Little Havana, teams had to find "The King of the Havanas." They had to figure out their destination by its Spanish name: "El Rey de los Habanos", a cigar shop, to find their final clue.</doc>
