<doc id="196005" url="https://th.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=196005" title="ดิอะเมซิ่งเรซ 9">ดิอะเมซิ่งเรซ 9 ดิ อะเมซิ่ง เรซ 9 () เป็นฤดูกาลที่ 9 ของรายการ ดิ อะเมซิ่ง เรซ ซึ่งเป็นเกมโชว์ประเภทเรียลลิตี้โชว์ระดับรางวัลเอ็มมี 8 สมัยซ้อนทางโทรทัศน์ รายการนี้จะมีผู้เข้าแข่งขันเป็นทีม ๆ ละ 2 คนซึ่งรู้จักกันมาก่อนแล้ว ทำการแข่งขันโดยเดินทางรอบโลก โดยทีมที่ชนะจะได้รับเงินรางวัล 1 ล้านดอลลาร์สหรัฐ โดยเกมส์โชว์ดังกล่าวเริ่มออกอากาศในสหรัฐอเมริกาทางสถานีโทรทัศน์ซีบีเอสผลการแข่งขัน ผลการแข่งขัน. ตารางแสดงชื่อ ความสัมพันธ์ของผู้แข่งขันในขณะถ่ายทำของแต่ละทีมพร้อมทั้งแสดงสถานะในการแข่งขัน ดังนี้ เรียงตามลำดับผู้เข้าเส้นชัยก่อน (ตารางนี้อาจไม่ได้แสดงข้อมูลที่ตรงกับข้อมูลที่ออกอากาศในโทรทัศน์เนื่องจากข้อมูลที่เพิ่มเข้ามาบางส่วน หรือข้อมูลที่ถูกนำออกไปบางส่วน)เครื่องหมายต่าง ๆ ในการแข่งขันชื่อตอนในการแข่งขัน ชื่อตอนในการแข่งขัน. ชื่อตอนในการแข่งขันมักมาจากคำพูดสำคัญ ๆ ของผู้เข้าแข่งขันในเลกนั้น ๆ1. "Here We Go, Baby, Off to Win a Million Bucks!" - John 2. "I'm Filthy And I Love It" - Monica 3. "I'm In Russia Playing With Dolls" - Jeremy 4. "It's Not Over Until The Phil Sings" - Tyler 5. "Good Thing I Took That Human Anatomy Class in High School" - Tyler 6. "Sleep Deprivation Is Really Starting to Irritate Me" - Lake 7. "Herculean Effort for Some Herculean Dudes" - Tyler 8. "Here Comes The Bedouin" - Fran 9. "Do You Know How Much Running I Did Today, Phil?" - Jeremy 10. "Man, They Should Have Used Their Fake Names" - Eric 11. "I Think This Monkey Likes Me" - Eric 12. "5 Continents, 9 Countries, More Than 59,000 Miles" - Phil Keoghanรางวัล รางวัล. ในบางเลก ทางรายการจะมีรางวัลพิเศษให้กับทีมที่มาถึงจุดพักเป็นทีมแรก สำหรับรางวัลที่เป็นแพ็กเกจทัวร์ทั้งหมดสนับสนุนโดย- Leg 1 - $20,000 - Leg 2 - All expense paid trip to Tahiti sponsored by Travelocity. - Leg 3 - All expense paid trip to Africa sponsored by Travelocity, for the first team to bring a Travelocity gnome (collected during the Roadblock in the second half of this leg) to the pit stop. By coincidence, Eric & Jeremy, who were the first to reach the pit stop, were also the first ones to bring the gnome to the pit stop, and thus won the prize. - Leg 4 - Digital imaging package from Duracell. - Leg 5 - Cruise for two to Mexico sponsored by Travelocity. - Leg 6 - Trip to The Da Vinci Code movie premiere in Hollywood, California (The prize was awarded to the first team to arrive at the Pit Stop bearing two parchments and demonstrating that, when combined, they revealed a picture of Leonardo Da Vinci's Vitruvian Man and a coded message; the first team to arrive at the Pit Stop did show the message and were awarded the prize). - Leg 7 - All expense paid trip to Rome, Italy sponsored by Travelocity. - Leg 8 - All expense paid trip to Hong Kong sponsored by Travelocity. - Leg 9 - Two one-year leases for Mercedes ML350s like the ones driven on the leg. - Leg 10 - Cruise around Sydney Harbour, a tour of the Hunter Valley wine district and the Great Barrier Reef; as well, a luxury hotel room for the time that they would normally be at the Pit Stop (The prize on this leg was awarded to the team that had a picture of a "golden gnome" in an envelope they received with the Roadblock and Fast Forward clues and were told not to open until they reached the Pit Stop. Ray and Yolanda had the golden gnome and won.) - Leg 11 - Two T-Mobile Sidekicks, each with three years of free service. - Leg 12 - $1,000,000สถานที่ในการแข่งขันเลก 1 (สหรัฐอเมริกา → บราซิล)สถานที่ในการแข่งขัน. เลก 1 (สหรัฐอเมริกา → บราซิล). - Morrison, Colorado, USA (Red Rocks Amphitheatre) (Starting Line) - Denver (Denver International Airport) to São Paulo, São Paulo, Brazil (Guarulhos International Airport) - São Paulo (Hotel Unique) - São Paulo () - São Paulo ( - 114A Rua Frederico Abranches) - São Paulo (Estádio Municipal Paulo Machado de Carvalho) The first Detour of the Race was Motor Head or Rotor Head. In Motor Head, teams had to travel to a motorcycle shop named Caverna Moto Peças and assemble a motorcycle, using an assembled motorcycle as a model. Then, using the parts provided and finished model for reference. When the motorcycle is properly assembled, the mechanic could start the bike and he would receive their next clue. In Rotor Head, teams had to travel to Campo de Marte Airport and locate one of three buildings varied in distance and each location had a limited number of tickets. Teams are need to find the closest building from a flight directory (, Atrium V and Hotel Meliá), then travel by helicopter to the rooftop of that building to search the designated area for their next clue. There are limited number of flights available to any one of these given buildings.- Additional task- At the sanctuary, teams had to witness a traditional ceremony and light a white candle to receive their next clue.เลก 2 (บราซิล)เลก 2 (บราซิล). - São Paulo (Edifício Copan - Bloco F) - São Paulo (Terminal Rodoviário Barra Funda - Terminal Turístico) to Brotas, Sao Paulo (Terminal Rodoviário de Brotas) - Brotas (Volkswagen Beetle Terminal Rodoviário de Brotas Parking Lot) - Brotas (Fazenda Primavera da Serra) In the first Roadblock of the race, teams had to climb one of three stairwells on a fire escape of the Edificio Copan. Once on the top, they would put harness and rappel down the building. But in order which they arrived at the top would determine the order in which they would descend. The Detour choices were Press It or Climb It. In Press It, teams drive to Camping Bela Vista to process raw sugar cane and distill its juice. Then, teams have to make 500 ml of ethanol to fuel their cars as an alternative fuel source. After completing the task, teams would had pour to newly created ethanol in their car to continuing on. In Climb It, teams travel to Usina Jacaré and hike to a nearby waterfall where they climb up a waterfall using mechanical ascenders.เลก 3 (บราซิล → รัสเซีย → เยอรมนี)เลก 3 (บราซิล → รัสเซีย → เยอรมนี). - บูซิโอส (หลักกิโลเมตรที่ 114) - บูซิโอส (สถานีขนส่งบูซิโอส) ไปเซาเปาลู (ท่าอากาศยานนานาชาติกัวเลอฮอส) - เซาเปาลู (ท่าอากาศยานนานาชาติกัวเลอฮอส) ไปมอสโก, รัสเซีย (ท่าอากาศยานนานาชาติเชเรเมเตียโว) - มอสโก (Chaika Bassein) - มอสโก (สำนักแม่ชีโนโวดีวิช) - มอสโก (วิหารเซนต์บาซิลที่จัตุรัสแดง) (พิธีกรบอกแต่ละทีมว่ายังไม่ถึงจุดพักและให้คำใบ้พร้อมเดินทางต่อไป) - มอสโก (ท่าอากาศยานนานาชาติเชเรเมเตียโว) ไปแฟรงค์เฟิร์ต, เยอรมนี (ท่าอากาศยานนานาชาติแฟรงค์เฟิร์ต) - แฟรงค์เฟิร์ต (สถานีรถไฟฮาร์ปแบนฮอฟแฟรงค์เฟิร์ต) ไปชตุทท์การ์ท (สถานีรถไฟฮาร์ปแบนฮอฟชตุทท์การ์ด) - ชตุทท์การ์ท (สำนักงานใหญ่ของเมอร์เซเดส-เบนซ์) - บาวาเรีย (บริเวณว่างแอลบัช) - บาวาเรีย (สตูดิโอถ่ายภาพยนตร์บาวาเรีย) - มิวนิก (ประตูแห่งชัยชนะ) The Roadblock from the second half of the leg required had to search a large field where one team member had to find 150 hats and feet around the field into one of nine Travelocity gnomes hidden underneath 11 hats and feet would be a gnome itself for their next clue. The Detour for the second half of the leg, Break It or Slap It. In Break It, teams took either to break a table full of "stunt bottles" over each others' heads until they find , the German word for Cheers written on the back of the label. However, they could only smash one bottle per cuckoo from a traditional German cuckoo clock. In Slap It, teams learn and perform German folk dance and correctly perform to get it right for their directions. But teams with the right rhythm could finish fast. When the folk dance is properly correct, the actor would get their next clue.- ภารกิจเสริม- At Kilometer 114, teams had to take a zipline from the top of the hill to the bottom for getting the next clue. - At the Mercedes-Benz headquarters, teams chose a Mercedes-Benz vehicle and chose a driver for their thrilling ride on the test track. After taking a spin in the high-speed over 170 kilometers per hour when their cars turned to an almost 90 degree angle, they would receive their next clue.เลก 4 (เยอรมนี → อิตาลี)เลก 4 (เยอรมนี → อิตาลี). - Munich (Munich International Airport) to Palermo, Sicily , Italy (Palermo International Airport) - Palermo (Teatro Massimo) - Castellammare del Golfo (Fortress - Seaside Terrace) - Segesta (Teatro di Segesta) - Segesta (Tempio di Segesta) In the Detour for this leg, Foundry or Laundry. In Foundry, teams had to walk a nearby metal works name Premiata Fonderia Birrione Campane at 8 Via Renda to carry iron-cast bell. Then using a vehicle known as Ape, they have to drive the bell, drop-off at Via Don Leonardo Zangara and delivered it to Chiesa Maria SS. Del Soccorso for a priest to get their next clue. In Laundry, teams need to find Corso Giuseppe Garibaldi to search through over 2,400 items of laundry for one of sixteen items of clothing bearing a red and yellow tag. If the red and yellow tag is found, a laundry lady would get their next clue. At the Segesta Amphiteater was the first of two Yields in the race. For the Roadblock, teams had to correctly piece together of a classical Greek statue; racers were not told that there were two extra pieces that did not belong.เลก 5 (อิตาลี)เลก 5 (อิตาลี). - Catania, Sicily () - Catania (Mercato Storico la Pescheria) - Siracusa (Ponte Umbertino) - Siracusa (Fonte Aretusa) In the Detour for this leg, teams chose between Big Fish or Little Fish. In Big Fish, teams have need to carry a swordfish from a street vendor in Via Alessi, then carry another sixth of a mile to Mercato Storico la Pescheria. At the market, teams had to find Jagino, the fish market vendor to receive their next clue. In Little Fish, teams must travel by foot to the same fish market and sell of a small fish known as Triglia. All teams, except for Fran and Barry, chose "Big Fish". For the Roadblock, one team member must perform a popular Italian sport, kayak polo. They would join a professional team and participate in an ongoing match. Once the team was goaled, a coach get their next clue.- Additional task- At the Amphitheater, teams had to count the statue heads on the fence posts surrounding the grounds of the amphitheater. If they were correct, they would receive their next clue.เลก 6 (อิตาลี → กรีซ)เลก 6 (อิตาลี → กรีซ). - Siracusa (Stazione di Siracusa) to Rome (Roma Termini station) - Rome (Trevi Fountain) - Rome (Spanish Steps) - Rome (Leonardo Da Vinci International Airport) to Athens, Greece (Athens International Airport) - Athens (Ancient Agora) Plaka, Athens (Stamatopoulos Taverna) - Agioi Anargyroi, Athens (Agioi Anargyroi Railway Station) to Corinth (Isthmos Railway Station) - Corinth (Corinth Canal) - Nemea (Ancient Stadium) - Rio (Fortress of Rion) In this Fast Forward, teams had to travel on foot less than a mile to a restaurant and took part in traditional Greek method of mischievous spirits: plate breaking. Teams had to break plates and find a little clue flag that was baked into one plate, when that team finds the flag, they would win the Fast Forward. For this leg's Roadblock, one team member had to complete a bungee jump into Corinth Canal organized by the Zulu Bungy. The Detour for this leg, teams chose between Herculean Effort or It's All Greek To Me. In Herculean Effort, teams had to compete three events from ancient Olympic events. One team to do discus throw in an competitive distance. While the other team to do javelin throw in a same distance. Finally, both teams have to participate professional wrestling of a circle. In It's All Greek To Me, teams had enter an archeological site to search a specific section for the nine pieces of pottery containing Greek letters. Then, they will help to translate from Greek to English letters and unscramble them and order the spell of the location of Greek map, Dimitsana.- Additional tasks- At the Trevi Fountain, teams received one half of Leonardo Da Vinci's Vitruvian Man drawing. - At the Spanish Steps, teams had to search the horse carriages for a black leather portfolio. Then, find the other half of the Vitruvian Man drawing which is based on The Da Vinci Code. The first team to arrive at the Pit Stop with the whole drawing won a prize.เลก 7 (กรีซ → โอมาน)เลก 7 (กรีซ → โอมาน). - Rio, Patras (Rio-Antirrio Bridge - Chartered Bus) to Athens (Athens International Airport) - Athens (Athens International Airport) to Muscat, Oman (Seeb International Airport) - Muscat (Riyam Park) - Sur (Baith Al Battha) - Al Hawiyah (Shuwa Area) - Jabrin (Jabreen Castle) This leg's Detour was Camel or Watchtower. In Camel, teams first to made way across the creek on a ferry to opposite bank, which they had to lift a camel into a pickup truck using a winch. Then, they had to use a map to drive one mile and deliver the camel in Bedouin camp to receive their next clue. In Watchtower, teams had to cross the river and search among three towers for an Arabian message box scroll. However, not all watchtowers contained it. After they found a scroll, they had to travel one mile (1.6 km) to a silver shop (Al-Sayegh Gold & Silver Smith) to a man called Mubarek. The Roadblock was to dig any of 117 sand dunes to find one of 6 shuwas, Omani underground ovens. Inside it was a woven pouch with a meal of lamb is wrapped in a dried palm leaf bag and steamed in an underground oven, which they would have for dinner. Once they found the shuwa, the Bedouin would get their next clue.เลก 8 (โอมาน → ออสเตเลีย)เลก 8 (โอมาน → ออสเตเลีย). - Muscat (Seeb International Airport) to Perth, Western Australia, Australia (Perth Airport) - Perth (Kings Park War Memorial and Eternal Flame) - Fremantle (Rottnest Express) to Rottnest Island - Rottnest Island (Wadjemup Lighthouse) - Rottnest Island (Salmon Bay) - Rottnest Island to Fremantle/Hillarys - Fremantle (Fremantle Prison) - Fremantle (South Breakwater, Fremantle Sailing Club) The Detour for this leg of the race offered teams the choice of Sand or Sea. In Sand, teams had to drag 40 branches and drag them 126 หลา to a marked sand dune, an activity known as "brushing the beach, " which helps prevent erosion. In Sea, teams searched among 50 underwater crayfish traps for those with live Western rock lobsters; each team member had to retrieve one rock lobster. This leg's Roadblock required one team to involved searching a black of Fremantle Prison for several cells within Division 4 to contain Duracell coppertop batteries and a flashlight, then searching a entrance in darkened cavern, they have to descent underground wet and dry tunnels for a clue.- Additional task- Upon arriving at Rottnest Island, teams had to ride tandem bikes to drive themselves from Wadjemup Hill to Salmon Bay. After the detour, they ride it back.เลก 9 (ออสเตเลีย)เลก 9 (ออสเตเลีย). - เพิร์ท (หอคอยสวอนเบลล์ส) - เพิร์ท (ท่าอากาศยานเพิร์ท) ไป ดาร์วิน, นอร์ทเทิร์น เทอร์ริทอรี่ (ท่าอากาศยานนานาชาติดาร์วิน) - ดาร์วิน (Crocodylus Park) - Batchelor (Batchelor Airstrip - Darwin Parachute Club) - near Batchelor (Litchfield National Park - Magnetic Termite Mounds) - Darwin (Lake Bennett Wilderness Resort) At the Batchelor Airstrip was the second of two Yields hidden on the race. The Roadblock for this leg of the race saw one member of each team had to choose a plane and doing a tandem skydive. The instructor hands over to get their next clue. This leg's Detour offered teams the choice of Wet or Dry. In Wet, teams drove to a swimming hole called Buley Rockhole, then hiked and swam down a river infested with "spiders and poisonous plants" to receive their next clue. In Dry, teams drove on-road, then another off-road to a rock formation known as The Lost City. Once there, teams must selected a didgeridoo and following the sound of music in the air from a locate in nearby aboriginal. Then, they had to find an Aboriginal musician with a matching didgeridoo and each team member had to play a note to receive the next clue.- Additional task- At Crocodylus Park, teams had to wade into a pond full of crocodiles to retrieve their next clue above from crocodiles.เลก 10 (ออสเตรเลีย → ไทย)เลก 10 (ออสเตรเลีย → ไทย). - ดาร์วิน (ท่าอากาศยานนานาชาติดาร์วิน) ไปกรุงเทพ, ไทย (ท่าอากาศยานนานาชาติดอนเมือง) - กรุงเทพ (สถานีขนส่งหมอชิต) ไปลพบุรี (สถานีขนส่งลพบุรี) - ลพบุรี (พระปรางค์สามยอด) - นนทบุรี (สวนพุทธบนเกาะเกร็ด) - กรุงเทพ (วัดเบญจมบพิตรดุสิตวนารามราชวรวิหาร) In this Fast Forward, teams traveled to a town outside of Lop Buri to try a favorite local after-school activity from a nearby restaurant: to eat a bowl of fried crickets and grasshoppers, when completed, that team would win the Fast Forward. The Roadblock required one team member to make a ceremonial feast for monkeys at the temple and give it to them during an annual festival. Following a demo that has already been set up. When it is finished and offered it to the monkeys, they would get their next clue. The Detour was either Move It or Altar It. In Move It, teams had their make way on foot to Jom Jam Pottery Factory to transport 72 clay pots through the streets of a market to docked boat by balancing them on a wooden boards balanced on their shoulders. In Altar It, teams made their way by foot to Wat Chimphi temple and required to assemble a shrine, including gold leafing a small BuddharupaBuddha statue for the shrine.เลก 11 (ไทย → ญี่ปุ่น)เลก 11 (ไทย → ญี่ปุ่น). - อยุธยา (วังช้างอยุธยา แล เพนียด) - กรุงเทพ (ท่าอากาศยานนานาชาติดอนเมือง) ไปโตเกียว, ญี่ปุ่น (ท่าอากาศยานนานาชาตินาริตะ) - โตเกียว (ลานถนนคนเดินชิบุยะ) - โตเกียว (รูปปั้นฮะจิโค) - โตเกียว (โรงแรมแคปซูล) (จุดข้ามคืน) - ฟูจิโยชิดะ (สวนสนุกฟูจิ-คิว ไฮแลนด์) - ยามานาคาโกะ (ทะเลสาบยามานาคะ) The Detour was Maiden or Messenger. In Maiden, teams had travel to Hamarikyu Gardens to transport a young Japanese woman in a traditional Japanese palanquin for 1/3 mile to a tea ceremony pavilion. In Messenger, teams travelled by foot to parking lot around Sankusu Street. Which each person had to construct a foldable bicycle, ride their bikes through the streets of Tokyo, and deliver packages to Shinjuku Park Tower and Shinjuku Chuo Koen Building in Shinjuku. Where they had delivered the packages, teams must return to a parking lot. The Roadblock required one team member to ride on three extreme rides in the Fujikyu Highland Amusement Park in the following order: The Pizza, Dodonpa, and Fujiyama. While riding the rides, they had to look for a man holding a sign. Upon completion of their third ride, they had to tell the park manager what was written on the sign to receive their next clue. If they didn't see the sign they would have to go on all three rides again.- ภารกิจเสริม - At the Royal Elephant Kraal, teams received T-Mobile Sidekicks displaying their next clue from the elephants. - At the Shibuya Crossing, teams had to find a message on display that would lead them to their next clue ("Find Hachiko!"). - At Lake Yamanaka, teams had to take a swan boat and paddle out to the Pit Stop, the big swan.เลก 12 (ญี่ปุ่น → สหรัฐอเมริกา)เลก 12 (ญี่ปุ่น → สหรัฐอเมริกา). - โตเกียว (ท่าอากาศยานนานาชาตินาริตะ) ไป แองคอเรจ, อะแลสกา, สหรัฐอเมริกา (ท่าอากาศยานนานาชาติ Ted Stevens Anchorage) - แองคอเรจ (ทะเลสาบกระจก) - แองคอเรจ (สวนคินเซด) - ไป แองคอเรจ, อะแลสกา (ท่าอากาศยานนานาชาติ Ted Stevens Anchorage) ไป เดนเวอร์, โคโลราโด (ท่าอากาศยานนานาชาติเดนเวอร์) - โกลเด้น (สวนประวัติศาสตร์เคลียร์คลีก) - เดนเวอร์ (สวนเรดร้อก) (เส้นชัย) In the Detour teams had to choose between Drill It and Deliver It. In Drill It, teams had to drill 10 holes in the ice, push an ice fishing shack to their holes and properly position the shack over at least two of the holes. In Deliver It, teams had to load a bush plane with medical supplies, fly with a pilot over to Girdwood to deliver the supplies and fly back. Due to poor weather conditions, Deliver It was subject to an indefinite delay. All teams, by default, decided to Drill It. The Roadblock required one team member to retrieve one of 285 flags for each destination country they traveled to during the race, other than the United States, and place the flags in the order which they visited each country. The other team member was allowed to assist but not physically participate. Teams had a reference board with the flags of each destination country and three incorrect flags. After finishing the Roadblock, teams were allowed to run to the Finish Line.- Additional tasks - At Kincaid Park, teams had to search the park to find their next clue using provided directions and with snow shoes on. - At Clear Creek History Park, teams had to search the park to find their next clue.</doc>
