<doc id="620218" url="https://th.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=620218" title="รายพระนามสุลต่านแห่งแซนซิบาร์">รายพระนามสุลต่านแห่งแซนซิบาร์สุลต่านแห่งแซนซิบาร์ผู้อ้างสิทธิในราชบัลลังก์FootnotesFootnotes. - Majid bin Said, the youngest son of Said bin Sultan, became the Sultan of Oman after his father's death on 19 October 1856. However, Majid's elder brother, Thuwaini bin Said, contested the accession to power. Following a struggle over the position, it was decided that Zanzibar and Oman would be divided into two separate principalities. Majid would rule as the Sultan of Zanzibar while Thuwaini would rule as the Sultan of Oman. - From 1886, the United Kingdom and Germany had plotted to obtain parts of the Zanzibar Sultanate for their own empires. In October 1886, a German-British border commission established the Zanj as a 10 nautical mile (19&nbsp;km) wide strip along most of the coast of East Africa, stretching from Cape Delgado (now in Mozambique) to Kipini (now in Kenya), including Mombasa and Dar es Salaam. Over the next few years, almost all of these mainland possessions were lost to European imperial powers. - Hamoud bin Mohammed, the son-in-law of Majid bin Said, was supposed to become the Sultan of Zanzibar after Hamid bin Thuwayni's death. However, Khalid bin Bhargash, son of Bargash bin Said, seized the Sultan's palace and declared himself the ruler of Zanzibar. The British, who had supported Hamoud, responded on 26 August by issuing an ultimatum to Khalid and his men to leave the palace within one hour. After he refused, the Royal Navy began firing at the palace and other locations in Stone Town. Khalid assembled an army of 2,800 and stationed them all around the town. Thirty-eight minutes later, Khalid retreated to the German consulate, where he was granted asylum. This conflict, known as the Anglo-Zanzibar War, was the shortest war in recorded history. Khalid later went into exile in Dar es Salaam until being captured by the British in 1916. - After attending the coronation of King George V, Ali decided to abdicate from the throne to live in Europe. - Abdullah bin Khalifah died from complications of diabetes. - Jamshid bin Abdullah overthrown on 12 January 1964 during the Zanzibar Revolution. Jamshid managed to flee to Great Britain with his family and ministers.External linksExternal links. - Omani Arab Rule In ZanzibarReferencesReferences. - General - . - . - . - .- Specific</doc>
