<doc id="928062" url="https://th.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=928062" title="โมโต3 ฤดูกาล 2018">โมโต3 ฤดูกาล 2018 โมโต3 ฤดูกาล 2018 (อังกฤษ: 2018 F.I.M. Road Racing World Championship season) เป็นการแข่งขันจักรยานยนต์ทางเรียบชิงแชมป์โลก ครั้งที่ 70 จัดขึ้นโดยสหพันธ์จักรยานยนต์ระหว่างประเทศทีมและนักแข่งRider changesทีมและนักแข่ง. Rider changes. - Enea Bastianini moved to Leopard Racing, filling in the seat vacated by Joan Mir who moves up to Moto2, with Alonso López replacing Bastianini in Estrella Galicia 0,0. - Sky VR46 rider Andrea Migno will ride for Ángel Nieto Team, replacing Lorenzo Dalla Porta. - Dennis Foggia will make his full season debut in Moto3 with Sky Racing Team VR46, having previously competed as a replacement and wildcard rider in the 2017 season. - Jaume Masiá will make his full season debut at Moto3 with Bester Capital Dubai after previously competing as a replacement rider for the team in the 2017 season. - Marco Bezzecchi moved from CIP to MC Saxoprint, replacing Patrik Pulkkinen. - Niccolò Antonelli moved from Red Bull KTM Ajo to SIC58 Squadra Corse. - After his full season debut with SIC58 Squadra Corse, Tony Arbolino moved to Marinelli Rivacold Snipers. - Darryn Binder is set to ride for Red Bull KTM Ajo, replacing Bo Bendsneyder who graduated to Moto2 with Tech 3. - Lorenzo Dalla Porta will race with Leopard Racing, replacing Livio Loi, who moved to Reale Stylobike. - Makar Yurchenko will make his Moto3 debut with CIP, replacing Manuel Pagliani. - Both Romano Fenati and Jules Danilo moved up to Moto2, joining Marinelli Rivacold Snipers and SAG Racing Team respectively. - John McPhee joined the CIP team as British Talent Team hiatus. - María Herrera left Moto3 for the Supersport 300 World Championship. - Juanfran Guevara will not continue with the RBA BOE Racing Team after he announced his retirement from professional racing due to personal reasons. He will be replaced by the 2017 Red Bull Rookies Cup champion Kazuki Masaki.Team changesTeam changes. - Mahindra and Peugeot withdrew from the Championship after the 2017 season. Ángel Nieto Team, MC Saxoprint, and CIP switches to KTM as a result of their withdrawal. - AGR Team folded its operations in both Moto2 and Moto3 following the 2017 Aragon GP due to financial issues coupled with poor performance throughout the 2017 season. - British Talent Team's Moto3 team will be put in a temporary hiatus for the next few years starting from 2018. - Marinelli Rivacold Snipers have downsized to one bike in exchange for one slot in Moto2. - Avintia Racing is set to return to Moto3 after a five-season hiatus. They joined forces with Team Stylobike to form Reale Stylobike, fielding a KTM for Livio Loi. - Red Bull KTM Ajo also downsized to one bike.รายชื่อสนาม รายชื่อสนาม. รายชื่อสนามและกำหนดการการแข่งขันในปี ค.ศ. 2018:Calendar changesCalendar changes. - The British Grand Prix was scheduled to move from Silverstone to the new Circuit of Wales, but construction on the new track has not commenced. The two circuits reached a deal that will see Silverstone with an option to host the 2018 race.ผลการแข่งขันและคะแนนสะสมกรังด์ปรีซ์ตารางคะแนนสะสมประเภทนักแข่งผลการแข่งขันและคะแนนสะสม. ตารางคะแนนสะสมประเภทนักแข่ง. - ระบบคะแนน Points are awarded to the top fifteen finishers. A rider has to finish the race to earn points.</doc>
